ARTICLE 1 . DEFINITIONS Amendments to Article 1 Amendments to Article 1 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13177 05-23-2010 “Green” ordinance carried into Miami 21 10-00519 13235 11-18-2010 Minor and non-substantial modifications throughout the Code 10-00956zt 13239 12-16-2010 Parking ratios for Educational facilities 10-00964zt 13241 12-16-2010 Required process for large-scale commercial establishments 10-00969zt 13251 01-27-2011 To add procedures for Unity of Title 10-01335zt 13265 05-12-2011 Incentives for construction of Affordable Housing 11-00022zt 13281 07-28-2011 Regional Activity Complex permissibly and sign regulations for same 11-00588zt 13358 01-10-2013 Added watercraft stationing regulations 11-00806zt 13464 05-22-2014 Sign Regulations Amendment 12-00941zt1 13485 09-29-2014 Updated definition of Regional Activity Complex 14-00664zt 13501 02-26-2015 Updated definition of Animal Clinic 14-01216zt 13114 07-06-2015 Added definition of Extensive Green Roof, Intensive Green Roof, Legacy Structure, Paseo, and Neighborhood Revitalization District (NRD). Updated definitions of Open Space, Pedestrian Passage, and Roof Terrace. 15-00678zt 13541 07-23-2015 Deleting, Striking and Repealing Media Tower Language. 15-00778zt 13665 10-22-2015 Amend Transit Corridor Definition and Standards for Parking Reductions. 14-01076zt1 13641 10-13-2016 Creation of concrete batching supplemental regulations. 1058 13665 10-27-2016 Attainable Mixed Income Housing definition and supplemental regulations. 1177 13653 12-08-2016 Microbrewery definition and supplemental regulations. 1231 13656 01-12-2017 Art in Public Places definition. 1222 13672 03-23-2017 Attainable Workforce Housing definition requirements and application eligibility pre-requisites. 1677 13673 03-23-2017 Crew Quarters definition and supplemental regulations. 1233 13729 12-14-2017 Micro dwelling units definitions, and residential density intensity and parking requirements. 3108 13743 01-25- 2018 Alcohol Service Establishment, Food Service Establishment, and supplemental regulations 1972 13791 09-27- 2018 Gambling Facilities 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 1/614 Amendments to Article 1 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13747 02-22- 2018 Auto-Related Commercial Establishments 13851 06-27- 2018 Amusement Rides 13787 09-13- 2018 Definitions, Bike Sheds, TOD, Lots and Frontages 13787 09-13- 2018 Transfer of Development Density 13804 01-24- 2019 Waterfront setbacks 13831 03-22- 2019 Freeboard 13937 10-22-2020 Modifies the area median income for Workforce Housing 13943 11-19-2020 Off-Street Parking Standards 13942 11-19-2020 Waterfront 13944 11-19-2020 Solar Equipment 13945 11-19-2020 Requires approval by additional officials for release of a unity of title, covenants and others 13961 12-10-2020 Streetscape Enhancements Throughout The City of Miami 13962 01-28- 2021 Modifies regulations for density and uses for the district zone regarding lodging uses 14048 2-10-2022 To prohibit gambling facilities 14052 2-10-2022 To modify the definitions of attainable mixed-income housing and workforce housing, to add new incentives including a floor lot ratio bonus and new minimum unit sizes, and to permit affordable and attainable mixed-income developments abutting a T3. 14055 03-30-2022 Amends the definition of the term “parking, tandem” and creates regulations for T5 and T6 lots with a qualified development. 14134 01-12-2023 Amends the definition of the term “Floorplate” and introducing the definition of the term "Mezzanine" 14157 03-09-2023 To replace or strike references to the Neighborhood Enhancement Team ("NET") 12614 14183 06-08-2023 To allow and establish definitions and regulations for Co-Living Residential Uses. 13541 14200 07-27-2023 Amends Article 1, Article 4, Article 5, Article 8, and Article 9. The

ratio bonus and new minimum unit sizes, and to permit affordable and attainable mixed-income developments abutting a T3. 14055 03-30-2022 Amends the definition of the term “parking, tandem” and creates regulations for T5 and T6 lots with a qualified development. 14134 01-12-2023 Amends the definition of the term “Floorplate” and introducing the definition of the term "Mezzanine" 14157 03-09-2023 To replace or strike references to the Neighborhood Enhancement Team ("NET") 12614 14183 06-08-2023 To allow and establish definitions and regulations for Co-Living Residential Uses. 13541 14200 07-27-2023 Amends Article 1, Article 4, Article 5, Article 8, and Article 9. The changes clarify and introduce new frontage-related definitions, illustrations, modify T5 and T6 height requirements and add tree placement flexibility. 13627 14235 11-16-2023 Add new definition (Article 1); clarify the Waiver processes relating to elderly housing (Article 3); clarify Waiver processes relating to substitution of loading berths (Article 4); clarify the Waiver processes relating to service and parking access from a Principal Frontage (Article 5); clarify the Waiver processes relating to reservoir parking spaces (Article 6); clarify the Waiver processes relating to nonconforming properties and update the Waivers summary list (Article 7). 14196 14242 11-27-2023 Amends Green Roof definitions; and introduce Intermediate Level definition. 14889 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 2/614 1.1 DEFINITIONS OF BUILDING FUNCTION: USES (Article 4, Table 3) a. RESIDENTIAL This category is intended to encompass land use functions predominantly of permanent housing. Single-Family Residence: Detached Building used as permanent residence by a single housekeeping unit. The term is general, applying to all detached house types. Also known as Principal Dwelling Unit. Co-Living: A Building, or portion thereof, containing Co-Living Units, which are considered shared communal living space. Community Residence: A “resident”, for the purpose of a Community Residence, may include any persons as defined in the following statutes: A disabled adult or frail elder as defined in section 429.65 (8) and (9), Florida Statutes A physically disabled or handicapped person as defined in section 760.22(7), Florida Statutes A developmentally disabled person as defined in section 393.063(9), Florida Statutes A non-dangerous mentally ill person as defined in section 394.455(18), Florida Statutes; or A child as defined in section 39.01(12), Florida Statutes a. A Dwelling Unit of six or fewer residents that meet the definition in section 419.001, Florida Statutes for a “community residential home” of such size; or b. A Dwelling Unit licensed to serve clients of the State Department of Children and Families, which provides a living environment for seven to fourteen unrelated residents who operate as the functional equivalent of family, including such supervision and care by supportive staff as may be necessary to meet the physical, emotional and social needs of the residents, as defined in section 419.001, Florida Statutes; or c. An adult family-care home as defined in section 429.65, Florida Statutes, which provides a full-time, family-type living arrangement, in a private home, under which a person who owns or rents the home provides room, board, and personal care on a 24-hour basis, for

State Department of Children and Families, which provides a living environment for seven to fourteen unrelated residents who operate as the functional equivalent of family, including such supervision and care by supportive staff as may be necessary to meet the physical, emotional and social needs of the residents, as defined in section 419.001, Florida Statutes; or c. An adult family-care home as defined in section 429.65, Florida Statutes, which provides a full-time, family-type living arrangement, in a private home, under which a person who owns or rents the home provides room, board, and personal care on a 24-hour basis, for no more than five disabled adults or frail elders who are not relatives. See Article 6. Ancillary Unit: A Dwelling Unit sharing ownership and utility connections with a Principal Building and contained on the same Lot. An Ancillary Unit may be attached by a Backbuilding or detached from the Principal Building, and unit shall not count towards maximum Density calculations. Also known as an Accessory Unit or Ancillary Dwelling Unit. Two Family-Housing: Two (2) Dwelling Units sharing a detached Building, each Dwelling Unit of which provides a residence for a single housekeeping unit. Also known as a duplex. Multi-Family Housing: A Building or portion thereof, containing three or more Dwelling Units where each unit has direct access to the outside or to a common hall. A multifamily Structure where Dwelling Units are available for lease or rent for less than one month shall be considered Lodging. Dormitory: A Building used principally for sleeping accommodations for students or staff related to an educational institution or place of employment. Home Office: A space within a Dwelling Unit devoted to a non-retail business activity belonging to the resident thereof that is clearly secondary in Use to the residence, that does not alter the exterior of the property or affect the residential character of the Neighborhood, and that meets all legal requirements of the business. See Article 6. Live-Work: A Dwelling Unit that contains a commercial or office component which is limited to a maximum fifty percent (50%) of the Dwelling Unit area. See Article 6. Work-Live: A mixed-Use unit that contains a commercial, office or light industrial component. The work component exceeds fifty percent (50%) of the Dwelling Unit area. See Article 6. Amendments to Article 1 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 14250 01-11-2024 Adds new definition 14192 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 3/614 b. LODGING This category is intended to encompass land Use functions predominantly of sleeping accommodations occupied on a rental basis for limited periods of time. These are measured in terms of lodging units: a lodging unit is a furnished room of a minimum two hundred (200) square feet that includes sanitary facilities, and that may include limited kitchen facilities. Bed & Breakfast: A group of lodging units not to exceed ten (10) units that may provide services for dining, meeting and recreation. Inn: A group of lodging units not to exceed twenty-five (25) units that may provide services

about:blank 3/614 b. LODGING This category is intended to encompass land Use functions predominantly of sleeping accommodations occupied on a rental basis for limited periods of time. These are measured in terms of lodging units: a lodging unit is a furnished room of a minimum two hundred (200) square feet that includes sanitary facilities, and that may include limited kitchen facilities. Bed & Breakfast: A group of lodging units not to exceed ten (10) units that may provide services for dining, meeting and recreation. Inn: A group of lodging units not to exceed twenty-five (25) units that may provide services for dining, meeting and recreation. Hotel: A group of lodging units exceeding twenty-five (25) units that may provide services for dining, meeting and recreation. c. OFFICE This category is intended to encompass land Use functions predominantly related to business, professions, service or government. Office: A Building or portion thereof used for conducting a business, profession, service, or government. Such facilities may include, but are not limited to, offices of attorneys, engineers, architects, physicians, dentists, accountants, financial institutions, real estate companies, insurance companies, financial planners, or corporate offices, and exclude manufacturing activities. d. COMMERCIAL This category is intended to encompass land Use functions of retail, service, entertainment or recreational establishments and supporting office. Amusement Ride: Any permanent motorized mechanical device, which no part thereof travels at a speed greater than fifteen (15) miles per hour and which carries or conveys customers around, over, or along a fixed or restricted route or course or within a defined, on-site area for the purpose of providing enjoyment or entertainment to customers. Auto-Related Commercial Establishment: A place of business serving auto-related needs including, but not limited to: car rental, car wash, gas station, mechanic offering minor repairs, retail sales such as auto parts, tire store, car sales. Uses not included: major mechanical work; body work; painting; steam cleaning; welding; outdoor car sales; storage of automobiles not in operating condition; commercial parking Lot or commercial garage; or any work involving undue noise, glare, fumes or smoke, all of which are considered auto-related industrial activities. See Article 6. Entertainment Establishment: A place of business serving the amusement and recreational needs of the community. Such facilities may include, but are not limited to: cinemas, billiard parlors, teen clubs, dance halls, and video arcades. Uses specifically not included: Entertainment Establishment, Adult and Gambling Facilities, or other facilities regulated by Chapters 550 and 551, and Section 849.086, Florida Statutes, as each may be amended from time to time. Entertainment Establishment, Adult; Adult entertainment, in general; adult entertainment services or adult entertainment services establishment (hereinafter referred to throughout the code as “Adult entertainment”): Any establishment which sells, rents, leases, trades, barters, operates on commission or fee, purveys, displays, or offers only to or for adults, products, goods of any nature, images, reproductions, activities, opportunities for experiences or encounters, moving or still pictures, entertainment, and/or amusement, distinguished by purpose and emphasis on matters depicting, describing, or relating by any means of communication,

Chapters 550 and 551, and Section 849.086, Florida Statutes, as each may be amended from time to time. Entertainment Establishment, Adult; Adult entertainment, in general; adult entertainment services or adult entertainment services establishment (hereinafter referred to throughout the code as “Adult entertainment”): Any establishment which sells, rents, leases, trades, barters, operates on commission or fee, purveys, displays, or offers only to or for adults, products, goods of any nature, images, reproductions, activities, opportunities for experiences or encounters, moving or still pictures, entertainment, and/or amusement, distinguished by purpose and emphasis on matters depicting, describing, or relating by any means of communication, from one (1) person to another, to “Specified Sexual Activities” or “Specified Anatomical Areas” as herein defined in Section 1.2 of this Code. Such establishment may or may not be open or available to the public generally, but shall exclude any person under eighteen (18) years of age. It is the intent of this definition that determination as to whether or not a specific establishment or activity falls within the context of regulation hereunder shall be based upon the activity therein conducted or proposed to be conducted as set out above and in these regulations. Such establishment shall not depend upon the name or title of the establishment used or proposed, and it shall be irrespective of whether or not members of the public are invited to enter such establishment. Thus, the terms “adult bookstore,” “adult massage parlor,” “adult motion picture theater,” “adult private dancing,” and “adult escort service” are encompassed within this definition of “Adult entertainment”, but the term “Adult entertainment” is not to be deemed limited by the enunciation of specific activities listed before. Adult entertainment establishments are allowed in D2 industrial, subject to the limitations set forth in Article 6, Table 13. Adult entertainment- Legislative Intent.As intended in previous zoning ordinances, most particularly, Zoning ordinances 11000 and 9500, this ordinance intends to regulate Adult entertainment as herein defined, to minimize deleterious effects on the neighborhood. These deleterious effects have been presented as evidence and relied upon for adoption in previous adult entertainment legislation in zoning ordinances 9500 and 11000, and are also relied upon herein. Such deleterious effects may include, but not be limited to, depreciation of values of nearby and adjacent properties, deterioration in appearance of the areas in which they are located, production of a skid row type of atmosphere, discouragement of residential uses in the area, and creation of an erotically suggestive atmosphere on public ways used by minors. Moreover, in the development and enforcement of restrictions on Adult entertainment in this code, this section 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 4/614 and in Article 6, it is acknowledged that adult entertainment have been found to have serious objectionable characteristics, and to have a deleterious effect on adjacent businesses and residential areas. In making this finding, the Commission has reasonably relied upon evidence of conditions within the City itself, evidence gathered by other localities and communities, and evidence described in judicial opinions. For the protection

the area, and creation of an erotically suggestive atmosphere on public ways used by minors. Moreover, in the development and enforcement of restrictions on Adult entertainment in this code, this section 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 4/614 and in Article 6, it is acknowledged that adult entertainment have been found to have serious objectionable characteristics, and to have a deleterious effect on adjacent businesses and residential areas. In making this finding, the Commission has reasonably relied upon evidence of conditions within the City itself, evidence gathered by other localities and communities, and evidence described in judicial opinions. For the protection and welfare of the community, it is necessary, to locate Adult entertainment away from residential areas and commercial areas, and particularly away from public facilities that are used frequently by minors, such as schools, churches, parks, libraries, day care centers or nurseries, and to restrict Adult entertainment to industrial areas. Food Service Establishment: A place of business dedicated to the preparation and sale of food and beverage for immediate consumption on or off site. Alcohol Service Establishment: A place of business selling alcoholic beverages for consumption on the premises as a principal use. Alcohol service establishments may include, but are not limited to: bars, taverns, cocktail lounges, nightclubs or supper clubs. Gambling Facilities: Any facility that offers gambling, pari-mutuel, or other wagering activities and uses including, but not limited to, facilities regulated by Chapters 550 and 551 and Section 849.086, Florida Statutes, as each may be amended from time to time. A facility is not a “Gambling Facility” if the only gambling, pari-mutuel, or other wagering activities and uses it offers are online sports wagering, lotteries administered by the State of Florida pursuant to Chapter24, Florida Statutes, or charity bingo games pursuant to Section 849.0931, Florida Statutes General Commercial: A place of business providing the sale and display of goods or sale of services directly to the consumer, with goods available for immediate purchase and removal from the premises by the purchaser. General commercial goods include, but are not limited to, clothing, food, furniture, pharmaceuticals, books, art objects and the like. General commercial services include, but are not limited to, barber shops; beauty salons; travel agencies; fortune tellers; retail dry cleaning; express delivery service; health spas and fitness studios; photo studios; Funeral Homes; Animal Clinics; repair service establishments, Employment Office; Public Storage Facilities, and the like. General Commercial services exclude: Auto-Related or Marine-Related Establishments; Commercial Storage Facilities, Pawn Shops, and the like. Marine-Related Commercial Establishment: A place of business serving marine-related needs including but not limited to: boat repairs, boat storage, boat servicing, boat rentals; or a place of business provides marine-related retail including but not limited to: bait and tackle stores, boat sales, and marine supplies stores. Uses not included are all industrial vessel paint and body work; and industrial major engine work or overhaul, all of which are considered marine-related industrial activities. Open Air Retail: A retail sales establishment operated substantially in the open air including, but not

Auto-Related or Marine-Related Establishments; Commercial Storage Facilities, Pawn Shops, and the like. Marine-Related Commercial Establishment: A place of business serving marine-related needs including but not limited to: boat repairs, boat storage, boat servicing, boat rentals; or a place of business provides marine-related retail including but not limited to: bait and tackle stores, boat sales, and marine supplies stores. Uses not included are all industrial vessel paint and body work; and industrial major engine work or overhaul, all of which are considered marine-related industrial activities. Open Air Retail: A retail sales establishment operated substantially in the open air including, but not limited to: farmers market, Flea Markets, and the like. Uses not included are: car sales, equipment sales, boats sales, and home and garden supplies and equipment. See Article 6. Place of Assembly: A commercial facility for public assembly including, but not limited to: arenas, auditoriums, conference facilities, convention centers, exhibition halls, major sports facilities, theaters and performing arts centers, and the like. Recreational Establishment: A place of business providing group leisure activities, often requiring equipment and open to the public with or without entry or activity fees. This may include, but is not limited to: game courts, skating rinks, bowling alleys, commercial golf facility, gyms or sports rooms. e. CIVIC This category is intended to encompass land Use functions predominantly of community-oriented purposes or objectives including those of not-for-profit organizations dedicated to arts and culture, education, recreation, religion, government, and the like. Community Facility: A non-commercial facility established primarily for the benefit and service of the general public of the community in which it is located. Such facilities include, but are not limited to: community centers; and cultural facilities, such as libraries and museums. Recreational Facility: A non-commercial facility, primarily an open space, serving the recreation needs of the general public. This may include but is not limited to: golf courses, parks, camping facilities, playfields and playgrounds. Religious Facility: A facility used for regular organized religious worship and related activities. Regional Activity Complex: A large facility encompassing at least one Principal Building with possible Accessory Structures designed and outfitted as a venue for large assemblies, performance or events intended to serve as a regional destination. Regional Activity Complexes shall be located in parcels larger than (4) acres; shall be equipped to provide permanent seating for more than 4,000 patrons or provide more than 100,000 square feet of exhibition space and shall provide Off-Street Parking for more than 1,000 vehicles. f. CIVIL SUPPORT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 5/614 This category is intended to encompass land uses predominantly supportive of other urban Uses and functions. Community Support Facility: A facility providing basic services, for the benefit and service of the population of the community in which it is located. Such facilities may include but are not limited to: police and Fire Stations, Extended Care Facilities, Nursing Homes, convalescent homes, Continuing Care Facility, and Assisted Living Facility or Adult Daycare Center as defined by Chapter 429, Florida Statutes. See Article 6. Infrastructure

shall provide Off-Street Parking for more than 1,000 vehicles. f. CIVIL SUPPORT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 5/614 This category is intended to encompass land uses predominantly supportive of other urban Uses and functions. Community Support Facility: A facility providing basic services, for the benefit and service of the population of the community in which it is located. Such facilities may include but are not limited to: police and Fire Stations, Extended Care Facilities, Nursing Homes, convalescent homes, Continuing Care Facility, and Assisted Living Facility or Adult Daycare Center as defined by Chapter 429, Florida Statutes. See Article 6. Infrastructure and Utilities: A facility or Structure related to the provision of roads, water and sewer lines, electrical, telephone and cable transmission, and all other utilities and communication systems necessary to the functioning of a community. See Article 6. Major Facility: A large facility of an institutional nature including but not limited to Hospitals, public health and social service facilities, research facilities, shelters, judicial Buildings, Jails, Detention Facilities, work camps, cemeteries, mausoleums, Ambulance Services, Pharmaceutical Laboratories, or the like. Marina: A facility for storage, servicing, fueling, berthing, or securing of boats. The Use does not include marine-related industrial activities. Public Parking: A parking facility available to the general public for parking motor vehicles, including parking lots or garages. Rescue Mission: A facility providing personal assistance to individuals in need; such assistance to individuals may include temporary shelter, food services provisions, counseling, instruction, medical services, and other incidental services. Transit Facility: A facility providing accommodations by public, private, or nonprofit entities for the conveyance of persons from one place to another by means of a transportation system, including but not limited to: bus terminal, railroad station, freight terminal, airport, helistop or seaport. g. EDUCATIONAL This category is intended to encompass land Use functions connected with providing education, training, or care of children and students of all ages. Childcare: A facility where six (6) or more children are cared for on a part-time basis by day or by night including after-school care. The term does not include community based residential facilities, Family Care Homes, foster homes, group homes, rehabilitation or detention centers, orphanages, or other places operating primarily for remedial care. See Article 6. College / University: A facility for post-secondary education that grants associate, bachelor, master or doctoral degrees, and may include research functions or professional schools. Elementary School: A facility offering instruction at the elementary school level. Learning Center: A facility offering to students training, tutoring or instruction in subjects such as languages, music, fine arts or dance. This may include provision of electronic testing and distance learning. Middle / High School: A facility offering instruction at the middle or high school level. Pre-School: A facility offering care and instruction of children who are pre-elementary school age. Research Facility: A facility for research and development that does not involve the use of human testing, animal husbandry, incinerators, heavy equipment, mass manufacturing, fabrication, processing, or sale of products. Any facility involving human

instruction at the elementary school level. Learning Center: A facility offering to students training, tutoring or instruction in subjects such as languages, music, fine arts or dance. This may include provision of electronic testing and distance learning. Middle / High School: A facility offering instruction at the middle or high school level. Pre-School: A facility offering care and instruction of children who are pre-elementary school age. Research Facility: A facility for research and development that does not involve the use of human testing, animal husbandry, incinerators, heavy equipment, mass manufacturing, fabrication, processing, or sale of products. Any facility involving human testing, animal husbandry, and the use of incinerators shall be considered a Major Facility. Special Training / Vocational: A facility offering instruction or training in trades or occupations such as secretarial, paralegal, business, beauty, barber, bartender, acupuncture, massage, design, fine arts, music and dance or other similar vocations. This classification excludes training and education in any activity that is not otherwise permitted in the zone. h. INDUSTRIAL This category is intended to encompass land Use functions connected with a business or activity involving manufacturing, fabrication, assembly, distribution, disposal, warehousing or bulk storage, trucking and equipment facilities, and other business serving primarily industrial needs. Residential Uses are not permitted except for live-aboard in commercial marinas, and limited work-live Uses. Under limited circumstances, Lodging Uses may be permitted pursuant to this Code. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 6/614 Auto-Related Industrial Establishment: A facility conducting activities associated with the repair or maintenance of motor vehicles, trailers, and similar large mechanical equipment; paint and body work; major overhaul of engine or engine parts; vehicle impound or wrecking yard; outdoor vehicle sales, storage or repair; and government vehicle maintenance facilities. This includes auto related Uses not otherwise allowed within the commercial auto related establishment category. Manufacturing and Processing: A facility primarily engaged in the manufacturing, processing, repair or assembly of goods. Premises may include retail or wholesale sales. Marine-Related Industrial Establishment: A facility conducting activities associated with the construction, repair, and operation, storage, loading and unloading of boats, and other activities the primary purpose of which is to facilitate the maritime industry. All work on vessels which exceed eight (8) feet in width; all vessel paint and body work; and major engine work or overhaul, shall all be considered marine-related industrial activity including but not limited to shipping, boatyards, marinas commercial fishing, container yards and tug boat basins. Products and Services: A public or private facility providing industrial and other services to individuals or businesses. This includes but is not limited to Laundry / Dry Cleaning Plants; metal, machine or welding shops. This also includes special services such as Pawn Shops, Pharmaceutical Laboratories, Animal Kennels, Government Maintenance Facilities, Hiring Halls / Labor Pools, and Solid Waste Facilities. See Article 6. Storage and Distribution: A facility providing long-term or short-term storage, selling or distribution of merchandise. This includes but is not limited to: container yards; crating, packing and shipping service; heavy equipment sales, service and storage;

tug boat basins. Products and Services: A public or private facility providing industrial and other services to individuals or businesses. This includes but is not limited to Laundry / Dry Cleaning Plants; metal, machine or welding shops. This also includes special services such as Pawn Shops, Pharmaceutical Laboratories, Animal Kennels, Government Maintenance Facilities, Hiring Halls / Labor Pools, and Solid Waste Facilities. See Article 6. Storage and Distribution: A facility providing long-term or short-term storage, selling or distribution of merchandise. This includes but is not limited to: container yards; crating, packing and shipping service; heavy equipment sales, service and storage; storage, warehousing or distribution establishments; Public Storage Facilities or Commercial Storage Facilities; outdoor storage of building materials; or Concrete Batching Plants. See Article 6. 1.2 DEFINITIONS OF TERMS This section provides definitions for terms in this Code that are technical in nature or that might not be otherwise reflect a common usage of the word. If a term is not defined in this Article, then the Zoning Administrator shall determine the correct definition of the term. Abutting: To reach or touch; to touch at the end or be contiguous with; join at a border or boundary; terminate on. Abutting properties include properties across a street or alley. Accessory Unit: See Ancillary Unit, in Section 1.1, Residential Use. Accessory Structure: An Accessory Structure is a Structure customarily incidental and subordinate to the Principal Structure and, unless otherwise specifically provided, located on the same premises. “On the same premises” shall be construed as meaning on the same Lot or on a contiguous Lot in the same ownership. Where a Building is attached to the Principal Building, it shall be considered part thereof, and not an Accessory Structure. Adaptive Use: Rehabilitation or renovation of existing Building(s) for any Use(s) other than the present Use. Adult: An adult is a person eighteen (18) years of age or older. Adult Daycare: A facility which provides limited supervision and basic services on a part-time basis by day or evening, but not overnight, to three (3) or more adults other than the family/employee occupying the premises. The term does not include community residential homes, nursing home facilities or institutions for the aged. See Section 1.1 (Civil Support, Community Support Facility) and Article 6. Affordable / Workforce Housing: Housing priced up to 100% of the area median income as certified by the City’s Housing and Community Development Department. Affordable Housing: Affordable Housing shall mean a Dwelling Unit, owner-occupied and/or rental housing with a purchase cost, value, or monthly rental, as applicable, equal to or less than the amounts established by the applicable standards for those individuals whose income is at or below 60 percent of Area Median Income as published by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and certified by the Department of Community and Economic Development. Albedo: The ratio of light reflected by a surface. Alcohol Service Establishment: A place of business selling alcoholic beverages for consumption on the premises as a principal use.

Affordable Housing: Affordable Housing shall mean a Dwelling Unit, owner-occupied and/or rental housing with a purchase cost, value, or monthly rental, as applicable, equal to or less than the amounts established by the applicable standards for those individuals whose income is at or below 60 percent of Area Median Income as published by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and certified by the Department of Community and Economic Development. Albedo: The ratio of light reflected by a surface. Alcohol Service Establishment: A place of business selling alcoholic beverages for consumption on the premises as a principal use. Alcohol service establishments may include, but are not limited to: bars, taverns, cocktail lounges, nightclubs or supper clubs. Allée: A regularly spaced and aligned row of trees usually planted along a Thoroughfare or Pedestrian Passage. Alley: A Thoroughfare (not officially designated as a street) designated by a recorded plat, deed, or legal instrument, to be a secondary means of vehicular access to the rear or side of properties otherwise Abutting a street; an Alley may connect to a vehicular driveway located to the rear of Lots providing access to 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 7/614 outbuildings, service areas and parking, and containing utility Easements. Alterations, Structural: Structural alterations are any change, removal, replacement, reinforcement or addition of beams, ceiling and floor joists, reinforced concrete floor slabs (except those on fill), load bearing partitions, columns, exterior walls, stairways, roofs, corridors or other structural materials used in a Building that support the said beams, ceiling and floor joists, load bearing partitions, columns, exterior walls, stairways, roofs, or structural materials used in the Building or Structure. The term is applicable to any Building or Structure or any part thereof, whether or not permanent or temporary shoring is used during construction and whether or not additions to or rebuilding of the major portion of an existing building are being accomplished. Ambulance Service: A facility which provides emergency medical transportation or paramedical emergency or trauma care en route to an extended care or medical facility. See Section 1.1 (Civil Support, Major Facility). Amusement Ride: See Section 1.1, Commercial Use. Animal Clinic: A facility which provides medical and surgical care for sick animals, including overnight boarding, and may include overnight boarding for seven (7) or less healthy animals, all within a completely enclosed building. See Section 1.1 (Commercial, General Commercial). Animal Kennel: A facility which provides boarding services for eight (8) or more animals. See Section 1.1 (Industrial, Products and Services). Antennas, miscellaneous: Any roof-mounted Structure intended for the transmission or reception of radar, radio, television, or telephone communications, excluding traditional single-family residential television antennas, amateur radio antennas, satellite earth stations and microwave antennas. Arcade: A covered pedestrian way within a building or along the side of a Building at the first floor, which may provide access to shops along one (1) or more sides. See Article 4, Table 6. Architectural Features: Prominent or significant parts or elements of a Building or Structure. Architectural Style: The

boarding services for eight (8) or more animals. See Section 1.1 (Industrial, Products and Services). Antennas, miscellaneous: Any roof-mounted Structure intended for the transmission or reception of radar, radio, television, or telephone communications, excluding traditional single-family residential television antennas, amateur radio antennas, satellite earth stations and microwave antennas. Arcade: A covered pedestrian way within a building or along the side of a Building at the first floor, which may provide access to shops along one (1) or more sides. See Article 4, Table 6. Architectural Features: Prominent or significant parts or elements of a Building or Structure. Architectural Style: The characteristic form and detail of Buildings from a particular historical period or school of architecture. Atlas, Miami 21: The atlas adopted under the Miami 21 Code. Atrium: An indoor, roofed space whose height exceeds one Story and which does not contain a Function or Use and is utilized primarily as a circulation or informal gathering space serving all occupants of the Building. Attainable Mixed-Income Housing: Attainable Mixed-Income Housing shall mean a Development comprised of Extremely Low Income Housing, Affordable Housing, and Workforce Housing; and may be subject to Density bonuses. Attainable Workforce Housing: Attainable Workforce Housing shall mean a Development comprised of Workforce Housing, servicing multiple income ranges between 60% of the Area Median Income and 100% of the Area Median Income, as described in Section 3.16 of this Code. Auto-Related Commercial Establishment: See Section 1.1. Commercial Use Auto-Related Industrial Establishment: See Section 1.1, Industrial Use Average Sidewalk Elevation: The average of the record profile grade elevation of each of the streets Abutting a development, as determined and on file with the City of Miami Public Works Department. Awning: A movable roof-like Structure, cantilevered or otherwise entirely supported from a Building, used to shade or screen windows or doors. Backbuilding: A single-story Structure with a maximum width of twelve (12) feet connecting a Principal Building to an Outbuilding. See Article 4, Table 8, Diagram C. Balcony: An unenclosed habitable Structure cantilevered from a Facade or Building Elevation. Base Building Line: The officially mapped street lines. Lines so established may fall within the boundaries of Lots and shall be used instead of the Lot lines adjacent to the streets in determining the Layers and Setbacks. Base Flood Elevation (BFE): The elevation of surface water resulting from a flood that has a one percent (1%) chance of equaling or exceeding that level in any given year as determined by FEMA. The BFE is shown on the FEMA Flood Insurance Rate Map (FIRM). Bed and Breakfast: See Section 1.1, Lodging Use. Bicycle Lane: A lane dedicated for bicycle use demarcated by striping or otherwise separated from vehicle lanes. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 8/614 Bicycle Rack Space: Parking space for any two wheel alternative mode of transportation including: bicycle, scooter, motorcycle, Segway®, etc. Bicycle Route: A Thoroughfare designated for shared use of bicycles and automobiles. Bicycle Shed: An area, approximately circular, that is centered on a common destination, reachable by bicycle. A Bicycle

in any given year as determined by FEMA. The BFE is shown on the FEMA Flood Insurance Rate Map (FIRM). Bed and Breakfast: See Section 1.1, Lodging Use. Bicycle Lane: A lane dedicated for bicycle use demarcated by striping or otherwise separated from vehicle lanes. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 8/614 Bicycle Rack Space: Parking space for any two wheel alternative mode of transportation including: bicycle, scooter, motorcycle, Segway®, etc. Bicycle Route: A Thoroughfare designated for shared use of bicycles and automobiles. Bicycle Shed: An area, approximately circular, that is centered on a common destination, reachable by bicycle. A Bicycle Shed for purposes of connecting to transit and mapping a Transit Oriented Development (“TOD”) is a five (5) minute ride at a leisurely pace. The area of the Bicycle Shed is dependent on the type and connectedness of barrier-free bicycle routes available. Five-minutes of travel is equivalent to one-half (1/2) mile when no dedicated space for bicycles are available; three-quarter (3/4) mile when improvements like bicycle lanes or shared-use paths are available; and one (1) mile when premium facilities like linear parks, the Riverwalk, Baywalk, or separated lanes are available for travel. The City’s Bicycle Master Plan further identifies types of bicycle facilities. The outline of the Bicycle Shed must be refined according to actual site conditions and is subject to change as additional bicycle facilities are added. (Sometimes referred to as “Bikeshed”). Block: The aggregate of private Lots, passages, rear lanes and Alleys, the perimeter of which abuts Thoroughfares. Block Face: The aggregate of all the Building Facades on one side of a block. The Block Face provides the context for establishing architectural harmony. Botanical Garden: A garden of collected growing plants established for the benefit of the Public to serve as an educational, recreational or scientific center. Bonus Capacity: The additional Building Capacity awarded for participation in the Public Benefits Program, as defined in Article 3, Section 3.14. Brownfield: An area having been used primarily as an industrial or commercial site with perceived or actual presence of environmentally hazardous substance. Buffer: An area of land, including landscaping, berms, walls, Fences, and Building Setbacks, which is located between land Uses of different characters and is intended to mitigate negative impacts of the one intense Use on a residential or vacant parcel. Buildable Area: The portion of a Lot remaining after required Setbacks have been provided. Buildings may be placed in any part of the Buildable area, but limitations on percent of the Lot which may be covered by Buildings may require Open Space within the buildable area. Building: Any Structure having a solid roof intended for shelter or enclosing of persons, animals, chattels, property, equipment or a process of any kind or nature, excluding freestanding tents, freestanding awnings, and cabanas and screened enclosures. Building Capacity: See Floor Area. Building Code: The State of Florida Building Code. Building Configuration: The form of a Building, based on its massing, Private Frontage, and Height. Building Disposition: The placement of a Building on

in any part of the Buildable area, but limitations on percent of the Lot which may be covered by Buildings may require Open Space within the buildable area. Building: Any Structure having a solid roof intended for shelter or enclosing of persons, animals, chattels, property, equipment or a process of any kind or nature, excluding freestanding tents, freestanding awnings, and cabanas and screened enclosures. Building Capacity: See Floor Area. Building Code: The State of Florida Building Code. Building Configuration: The form of a Building, based on its massing, Private Frontage, and Height. Building Disposition: The placement of a Building on its Lot. Building Function: The Uses accommodated by a Building and its Lot. Functions are categorized as Restricted, Limited, or Open, according to the Intensity of the Use. Building Permit: The permit required for new construction and additions pursuant to the City Code. Build-to Zone: A zone along all Principal Frontages in the T5 and T6 Transect Zones beginning at the front Setback line and extending ten (10) feet into the Second Layer where Building Façade(s) shall be placed, as depicted in Article 4, Table 8, Illustration d. By Right: A use allowed pursuant to zoning review and approval of a Building Permit or issuance of a Certificate of Use under Article 7, Section 7.1.2.1. Permitted Uses. Canopy: A fixed-roofed Structure which provides shade or protection and is in whole or in part self-supporting with open sides. Capacity: See Floor Area. Car Shelter: A Structure made of canvas, aluminum, or similar materials, or any combination thereof, on movable framing for the shade and shelter of one (1) or two (2) private passenger vehicles. Carport: A portion of a Principal residential Building or a Building accessory to a residential Use designed to be used for shelter of motor vehicles, unenclosed at the vehicular entry side and for an area at least equal to twenty percent (20%) of the area of the outer surface of walls, which might otherwise be constructed along its entire remaining perimeter. Where enclosure exceeds this amount, the shelter shall be construed to be a garage. Certificate of Occupancy: As defined by the Florida Building Code. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 9/614 Certificate of Use: An official City document verifying that a particular Use is in compliance with applicable sections of this Miami 21 Code pursuant to the requirements of Article IV, Section 2-207 of the City Code and Section 7.1.2.1 of this Code. City: The City of Miami, Florida. City Code: The Code of Ordinances of the City of Miami. City Commission: The City Commission of the City of Miami. Civic: Uses held in private or public ownership but functioning for community purposes such as religious, cultural, environmental, or educational uses. See Section 1.1. Civic Building: A Building designed specifically for a Civic Function. Civic Institution (CI): A zone with uses primarily dedicated to Functioning for community purposes such as, cultural, educational, environmental, governmental, public transit, public parking and religious facilities. See Section 1.1. Civic Space (CS):

and Section 7.1.2.1 of this Code. City: The City of Miami, Florida. City Code: The Code of Ordinances of the City of Miami. City Commission: The City Commission of the City of Miami. Civic: Uses held in private or public ownership but functioning for community purposes such as religious, cultural, environmental, or educational uses. See Section 1.1. Civic Building: A Building designed specifically for a Civic Function. Civic Institution (CI): A zone with uses primarily dedicated to Functioning for community purposes such as, cultural, educational, environmental, governmental, public transit, public parking and religious facilities. See Section 1.1. Civic Space (CS): A zone with mainly outdoor area dedicated for functioning for community purposes. Civic Space Types: Open Space defined by the combination of certain physical constants including the relationship between their intended Use, their size, their landscaping and their enfronting Buildings. See Article 4, Table 7. Civic Zone: See Article 4, Table 1 Civil Support Uses: See Section 1.1 Code: The Miami 21 Code. May also be referred to herein as this Code. Co-Living Unit: Communal living quarters consisting of Co-Living Rooms each with a private bathroom and shared unit space including full kitchen facilities with direct access to the outside or a common hall. A Co-Living Unit that is available for lease or rent for less than one (1) month shall be considered Lodging. Co-Living Room: A single bedroom within a Co-Living Unit. Each bedroom shall have a private bathroom and may have limited kitchen facilities. College / University: See Section 1.1, Education Use Commercial Storage Facility: A facility providing for the storage of office furnishings, archive records and general personal property of businesses, agencies and professionals. Such personal property is limited to furniture and other household goods and retail merchandise to be sold at nearby establishments. Storage of heavy equipment or any property that may be deemed hazardous, such as property which is inflammable, combustible, explosive or dangerous is prohibited. See Section 1.1 (Commercial, Storage and Distribution). Commercial Vehicle: A Commercial Vehicle is any vehicle designed, intended or used for transportation of people, goods, or things, not including private passenger vehicles and trailers for private nonprofit transport of goods or boats. Common Lawn: See Article 4, Table 7. Community Facility: See Section 1.1, Civic Use. Community Garden: A grouping of garden plots available for small-scale cultivation, generally to residents of apartments and other dwelling types without private gardens. Community gardens should accommodate individual storage sheds. Community Residence: See Section 1.1, Residential Use. Community Support Facility: See Section 1.1, Civil Support Use. Comprehensive Plan: The Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan. Configuration: The form of a building based on its massing, Private Frontage and Height. Construction, Actual: The placing of construction materials in a permanent position and fastened in a permanent manner; except that, where demolition, excavation, or removal of an existing Structure has been substantially begun preparatory to new construction, such excavation, demolition, or removal shall be deemed to be actual construction, provided that work shall be Continuously carried on without

gardens should accommodate individual storage sheds. Community Residence: See Section 1.1, Residential Use. Community Support Facility: See Section 1.1, Civil Support Use. Comprehensive Plan: The Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan. Configuration: The form of a building based on its massing, Private Frontage and Height. Construction, Actual: The placing of construction materials in a permanent position and fastened in a permanent manner; except that, where demolition, excavation, or removal of an existing Structure has been substantially begun preparatory to new construction, such excavation, demolition, or removal shall be deemed to be actual construction, provided that work shall be Continuously carried on without interruption, except for just cause, until the completion of the new construction involved. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 10/614 Content, Adult: see Adult Entertainment; Specified Anatomical Areas; Specified Sexual Activities; see Section 1.1 Commercial Use. Context: Surroundings made up of the particular combination of elements that create specific character in the area. Continuously: As defined with reference to Actual Construction defined herein, continuously shall mean that work is underway for at least fifty percent (50%) of the working days (Monday through Friday, national holidays excluded) since construction began. See also Construction, Actual. Cool Roof: A roof that reflects the sun’s heat and emits absorbed radiation back into the atmosphere. Corridor: A lineal geographic system incorporating transportation or Greenways. Courtyard: Open Space, partially defined by walls or Buildings as regulated by this Code. See Article 4, Table 7. CPTED: Crime Prevention through Environmental Design. Crew Quarters: Accommodations designed and outfitted to accommodate on a non-permanent basis the crew of vessels being serviced or temporarily stored at established Marinas or Marine Related Industrial Establishments allowed, in an incidental capacity, on the same property where the primary use which they support is established. Crew Quarters’ facilities shall be commensurate to the facilities they serve. See Article 6. Curb: The edge of the vehicular pavement detailed as a raised concrete or stone element, or flush with a swale. Cycle Track: A protected bike lane along a Thoroughfare. Facilities may be one (1) or two (2) directional and can be raised to sidewalk level or placed at street level. Density: The number of Dwelling Units within a standard measure of land area, usually given as units per acre. Design Speed: The velocity at which a Thoroughfare is designed for vehicular use. Development: Development shall have the meaning given it in section 380.04, Florida Statutes. Development Capacity: see Floor Area. Director: Unless otherwise specified, the term “Director” shall mean the Director of the Department of Planning for the City. Disposition: The placement of a Building on its Lot. See Article 4, Table 8. District (D): A zone intended to accommodate Uses which because of their specialized performance, Scale or impact should not be incorporated into the Neighborhood structure. Dock: See Pier. Dormitory: See Section 1.1, Residential Use. Drive-through / Drive-in Facility: A place of business including drive-through banks or teller windows, drive-through eating and drinking establishments, drive- through windows at liquor or other stores, or at

Capacity: see Floor Area. Director: Unless otherwise specified, the term “Director” shall mean the Director of the Department of Planning for the City. Disposition: The placement of a Building on its Lot. See Article 4, Table 8. District (D): A zone intended to accommodate Uses which because of their specialized performance, Scale or impact should not be incorporated into the Neighborhood structure. Dock: See Pier. Dormitory: See Section 1.1, Residential Use. Drive-through / Drive-in Facility: A place of business including drive-through banks or teller windows, drive-through eating and drinking establishments, drive- through windows at liquor or other stores, or at laundry and dry cleaning agencies, car washes, and similar facilities, but excludes automotive service stations. See Article 6. Driveway: A vehicular lane within a Lot, usually leading to a garage or carport. A Driveway in the First Layer may be used for parking if it is less than the width allowed in the applicable transect, above which dimension it becomes subject to the constraints of a parking lot. Dwelling Unit: Residence of a single housekeeping unit. See Article 6. Easement: A legal instrument, in a form approved by the City Attorney and recorded in the county records, that allows access through real property of the conveyor. Educational Use: See Section 1.1. Electric Vehicle Capable (EV Capable): A parking space that is equipped with infrastructure to support installation of 40 Amp, 208 or 240-Volt, electric vehicle charging equipment. Spaces must be within one hundred (100) feet from a supporting electrical panel location. Infrastructure may include but is not limited to raceways or conduit from parking locations to electrical panels, space for additional electrical panels, space for overprotection devices, conduit connecting electrical panels to distribution equipment, and space for additional distribution equipment. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 11/614 Elementary School: See Section 1.1, Educational Use. Elevation, Building: An exterior wall of a Building not along a Frontage Line (See Facade). Elevation, Floor: Height of floor level. Eligible Historic Resource: Archeological sites, individual historic resources, contributing Buildings within a historic district, as qualified under Chapter 23 of the City Code. Employment Office: A place of business, other than a hiring hall or labor pool, offering individual job recruitment by specification of job qualifications and conduct of individual interviews by placement specialists onsite to meet those job specifications. See Section 1.1 (Commercial, General Commercial). Encroachment: Building element permissible within required Setback. Enfront: To place an element along a Frontage Line, as in “Porches enfront the street.” Entertainment Establishment: See Section 1.1, Commercial Use. Entertainment Establishment, Adult: See Section 1.1, Commercial Use. Entrance, Principal: The main point of access of pedestrians into a Building. Established Setback Area: A defined area wherein the Setbacks provided by the Transect designation are superseded by those originally adopted for a special district under Ordinance 11000, and which continue and are listed in Article 3, Section 3.3.6 of this Miami 21 Code. The boundaries of Established Setback Areas are illustrated on Article 4, Diagram 10. Exception: Permit approved pursuant to

an element along a Frontage Line, as in “Porches enfront the street.” Entertainment Establishment: See Section 1.1, Commercial Use. Entertainment Establishment, Adult: See Section 1.1, Commercial Use. Entrance, Principal: The main point of access of pedestrians into a Building. Established Setback Area: A defined area wherein the Setbacks provided by the Transect designation are superseded by those originally adopted for a special district under Ordinance 11000, and which continue and are listed in Article 3, Section 3.3.6 of this Miami 21 Code. The boundaries of Established Setback Areas are illustrated on Article 4, Diagram 10. Exception: Permit approved pursuant to the requirements of Article 7. Extended Care Facility or Nursing Home: An institution which is licensed by the State of Florida to provide health care or medical supervision for twenty-four (24) or more consecutive hours for three (3) or more persons not related to the governing authority by blood, marriage or adoption. See Section 1.1 (Civil Support, Community Support Facility) and Article 6. Extremely Low Income Housing: Extremely Low Income Housing shall mean a Dwelling Unit, owner-occupied and/or rental housing with a purchase cost, value, or monthly rental, as applicable, equal to or less than the amounts established by the applicable standards for those individuals whose income is at or below 30 percent of Area Median Income as published by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and certified by the Department of Community and Economic Development. Facade: The exterior wall of a Building that is set along a Frontage Line. (See Elevation, Building). Family Care Home: A family care home is an occupied residence, registered and licensed by the State of Florida, where five (5) or fewer preschool children from more than one (1) unrelated family receive care on a regular part-time basis by day or by night and which receives a payment, fee, or grant for any of the children receiving care, whether or not operated for profit. See Section 1.1 (Residential, Community Residence) and Article 6. FEC Corridor Greenway (Flagler Trail): A linear pedestrian and bicycle pathway along the Florida East Coast Rail line corridor. Fence: A permeable metal or wooden wall, independent of a Building, located along a Frontage line. See Article 4, Table 6. FEMA: Federal Emergency Management Agency. Fire Station: A Building housing fire equipment and firefighters. See Section 1.1 (Civil Support, Community Support Facility). Flea Market: An Open Area or Building used for occasional or periodic sale of goods by individual sellers for limited periods of time. See Section 1.1 (Commercial, Open Air Retail). Floating Structure: A floating barge-like entity, with or without accommodations built thereon, which is not primarily used as a means of transportation on water, but serves purposes or provides services typically associated with a Structure or other improvement to real property. The term “Floating Structure” includes, but is not limited to, each entity used as a residence, place of business, office, hotel or motel, restaurant or lounge, clubhouse, meeting facility, storage or parking facility, mining platform, dredge,

used for occasional or periodic sale of goods by individual sellers for limited periods of time. See Section 1.1 (Commercial, Open Air Retail). Floating Structure: A floating barge-like entity, with or without accommodations built thereon, which is not primarily used as a means of transportation on water, but serves purposes or provides services typically associated with a Structure or other improvement to real property. The term “Floating Structure” includes, but is not limited to, each entity used as a residence, place of business, office, hotel or motel, restaurant or lounge, clubhouse, meeting facility, storage or parking facility, mining platform, dredge, dragline, or similar facility or entity represented as such. Floating Structures, as defined herein, are expressly excluded from the definition of the term “vessel” provided in section 327.02(27), Florida Statutes (1989), and is also excluded from the definition of “private pleasure craft.” Incidental movement upon water shall not, in and of itself, preclude an entity from classification as a Floating Structure. A Floating Structure is expressly included as a type of tangible personal property (from section 192.001 (17), Florida Statutes (1989). See illustration included with Ordinance No. 10932, adopted October 24, 1991. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 12/614 Floorplate: The total indoor Floor Area of any given Story of a Building, measured to the exterior of the wall. Floor Area: The floor area within the inside perimeter of the outside walls of the Building including hallways, stairs, closets, thickness of walls, columns and other features, and parking and loading areas, and excluding only interior Atria and open air spaces such as exterior corridors, Porches, balconies and roof areas. Also means Building or Development Capacity. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR): The multiplier applied to the Lot Area that determines the maximum Floor Area allowed above grade in a given Transect Zone. Food Service Establishment: See Section 1.1, Commercial Use. Forecourt: See Article 4, Table 6. Frontage: The area between a Building Facade and the vehicular lanes of a Thoroughfare, Mean High waterline of a Waterfront, or Frontage Line of a Civic Space Type. Frontage, Principal: That Frontage facing the public space such as a Thoroughfare of higher pedestrian importance (i.e., traffic volume, number of lanes, etc.). Frontage, Private: The Layer between the Frontage Line and the Principal Building Facade. The Structures and landscaping within the Private Frontage may be held to specific standards regarding the depth of the setback and the combination of architectural elements such as Fences, Stoops, Porches and Galleries. Frontage, Public: The area between the curb of the vehicular lanes and the Frontage Line. Elements of the Public Frontage include the curb, Sidewalk, planter, street tree, streetlight, street furniture, etc. Frontage, Secondary: That Frontage facing the public space such as a Thoroughfare that is of lesser pedestrian importance (i.e., traffic volume, number of lanes, etc.). Frontage Line: Property Line or Base Building Line Abutting a public space, such as a Plaza or Thoroughfare, whether at the front, rear, or side of a Lot. Facades parallel to Frontage Lines define

of architectural elements such as Fences, Stoops, Porches and Galleries. Frontage, Public: The area between the curb of the vehicular lanes and the Frontage Line. Elements of the Public Frontage include the curb, Sidewalk, planter, street tree, streetlight, street furniture, etc. Frontage, Secondary: That Frontage facing the public space such as a Thoroughfare that is of lesser pedestrian importance (i.e., traffic volume, number of lanes, etc.). Frontage Line: Property Line or Base Building Line Abutting a public space, such as a Plaza or Thoroughfare, whether at the front, rear, or side of a Lot. Facades parallel to Frontage Lines define the public realm and are therefore more regulated than the Elevations that coincide with other Lot Lines. Freeboard: The additional height above the Base Flood Elevation at which the lowest finished floor is built. Function: The land Use allowed on property according to this Code. Funeral Home: A facility licensed by the state and containing suitable storage room for the dead including embalming facilities, and may also provide rooms for the display of the dead or ceremonies connected with burial or cremation. See Section 1.1 (General Commercial). Gallery: A covered pedestrian area adjoining the side of a Building on any floor, which may provide access along one or more sides. See Article 4, Table 7. Garden: See Article 4, Table 7. General Commercial: See Section 1.1, Commercial Use. General Urban Zone: See Article 4, Table 1. Government Maintenance Facilities: Building, land, or Structure designed and intended to be used in the routine upkeep and repair of government owned or leased equipment. See Section 1.1 (Civil Support, Products and Services). Green: See Article 4, Table 7. Green Corridor: See Greenway. Green Roof, Extensive: An area atop a roof surface of a Building surfaced with soil and Florida Friendly Landscaping that are appropriate for South Florida green roof systems, including ground cover, grasses, herbs, and flowering herbaceous plants, which require little or no maintenance and no permanent irrigation system. This area retains stormwater runoff and to mitigates the Heat Island Effect. The depth of the growing medium shall be a minimum of two (2) inches and a maximum of six (6) inches. All green-roofing products located within a High-Velocity Hurricane Zone shall be approved under the Florida Product Approval or Miami Dade Notice of Acceptance and shall comply with the structural requirements of the Florida Building Code. Green Roof, Intensive: A building roofing system that is an assembly of interacting components designed to waterproof and insulate a building’s top surface that includes, by design, a variety of Florida Friendly Landscaping that are appropriate for South Florida green roof systems — including herbaceous plants and shrubs, and small trees, which require professional maintenance and an advanced green roof irrigation system — and related landscape elements to form parks and gardens, including urban agriculture. This area retains stormwater runoff and mitigate the Heat Island Effect. The depth of the growing medium shall be a minimum of eight (8) inches. Urban agriculture on roofs— farms,

roofing system that is an assembly of interacting components designed to waterproof and insulate a building’s top surface that includes, by design, a variety of Florida Friendly Landscaping that are appropriate for South Florida green roof systems — including herbaceous plants and shrubs, and small trees, which require professional maintenance and an advanced green roof irrigation system — and related landscape elements to form parks and gardens, including urban agriculture. This area retains stormwater runoff and mitigate the Heat Island Effect. The depth of the growing medium shall be a minimum of eight (8) inches. Urban agriculture on roofs— farms, urban roof farms or vegetable farms — are considered Intensive Green Roofs, requiring higher 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 13/614 nutrient applications and focused maintenance. Rooftop farming areas of an Intensive Green Roof shall be planted with appropriate plan material during non- farming periods. All green-roofing products located within a High-Velocity Hurricane Zone shall be approved under the Florida Product Approval or Miami Dade Notice of Acceptance and shall comply with the structural requirements of the Florida Building Code. Green Roof, Semi-Intensive: A building roofing system consisting of some components of both Extensive and Intensive Green Roofs. This area is often used as a garden, retains stormwater runoff, and mitigates the Heat Island Effect. The depth of the growing medium shall be a minimum of six (6) inches. All green- roofing products located within a High-Velocity Hurricane Zone shall be approved under the Florida Product Approval or Miami Dade Notice of Acceptance and shall comply with the structural requirements of the Florida Building Code. Green Space: An Open Space outdoors, at grade, unroofed, landscaped and free of impervious surfaces. See Article 4, Table 7. Greenway: An Open Space Corridor in largely natural condition which may include paths for bicycles and pedestrians. See Article 4, Table 7. Habitable Rooms: Rooms designed and used for living, sleeping, eating, cooking, or working or combinations thereof. Bathrooms, toilet compartments, closets, halls, storage rooms, laundry and utility spaces, basement recreation rooms, and similar areas are not considered Habitable Rooms. Habitable Space: Building space which Use involves human presence with direct view of the enfronting streets or public or private Open Space, excluding Parking Garages, self-service storage facilities, warehouses, and display windows separated from retail activity. Hardscape: The nonliving portions of a building’s landscaping, such as roads, sidewalks, courtyards and parking lots. Heat Island Effect: An elevated temperature in an urban area when compared to rural areas, typically caused by the increased presence of dark, heat absorbing materials, such as asphalt and dark roofs, in urban areas. Height: See Building Height. Height, Building: The vertical extent of a Building measured in Stories. Height, Structure: The vertical extent of a Structure measured in feet. Hiring Hall / Labor Pool: A place of business providing employment services for laborers. Such services generally involve short term hiring of unskilled manual help, with little or no qualifications required, or the need of individual interviews by placement specialists. See Section 1.1

elevated temperature in an urban area when compared to rural areas, typically caused by the increased presence of dark, heat absorbing materials, such as asphalt and dark roofs, in urban areas. Height: See Building Height. Height, Building: The vertical extent of a Building measured in Stories. Height, Structure: The vertical extent of a Structure measured in feet. Hiring Hall / Labor Pool: A place of business providing employment services for laborers. Such services generally involve short term hiring of unskilled manual help, with little or no qualifications required, or the need of individual interviews by placement specialists. See Section 1.1 (Industrial, Products and Services). Historic Preservation Ordinance: An Ordinance codified in Chapter 23 of the City Code dedicated to the preservation of the City of Miami’s Historic Property and historic resources as a significant goal in the City’s overall vision for its future. Historic Property: See Eligible Historic Resource. Home Occupation: See Home Office. Home Office: See Section 1.1, Residential Use. Hospital: An institution having an appropriate license or certificate of need issued by the State of Florida and providing primary health, medical, or surgical care to persons suffering from illness, disease, injury, deformity or abnormal mental conditions; and may include related accessory facilities such as laboratories, outpatient or training facilities. See Section 1.1 (Civil Support, Major Facilities). Hotel: See Section 1.1, Lodging Use. House Barge / Houseboat: A Floating Structure used as a residence. A vessel, a private pleasure craft, consisting of a hull and superstructure supported in the water by integral flotation devices, not suitable for rough water, and designed and manufactured to be self-propelled. See Article 6. Housing for the Elderly: Housing development for residents aged fifty-five (55) and over. Industrial Use: See Section 1.1. Infill: A development project within existing urban fabric, on a vacant site within a built-up area. Infrastructure and Utilities: See Section 1.1, Civil Support. Inn: See Section 1.1, Lodging Use. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 14/614 Inside Turning Radius: The curved edge of a Thoroughfare at an intersection, measured at the inside edge of the vehicular tracking. The smaller the Turning Radius, the smaller the pedestrian crossing distance and the more slowly the vehicle is forced to make the turn. Intensity: The magnitude of development measured by Floor Lot Ratio permitted in the Restricted, Limited and Open categories of a Transect Zone. Intermediate Level: a level contained within the overall Height of a Story. The Floor Area of the Intermediate Level shall not exceed thirty-three percent (33%) of the Floor Area of the level below (or fifty percent [50%] in the D1 Transect Zone). Intermediate Levels above the first Story shall have direct access, in the form of stairs or elevators, from the Habitable Space below that is interior and independent of the building core or other common areas. Jail / Detention Facilities: A Building designated by law or regularly used for the confinement of persons held in lawful custody. See Section 1.1 (Civil Support, Major Facility). Large Scale Commercial: A commercial

a Story. The Floor Area of the Intermediate Level shall not exceed thirty-three percent (33%) of the Floor Area of the level below (or fifty percent [50%] in the D1 Transect Zone). Intermediate Levels above the first Story shall have direct access, in the form of stairs or elevators, from the Habitable Space below that is interior and independent of the building core or other common areas. Jail / Detention Facilities: A Building designated by law or regularly used for the confinement of persons held in lawful custody. See Section 1.1 (Civil Support, Major Facility). Large Scale Commercial: A commercial business occupying more than 55,000 square feet of Floor Area with a regional market area, including but not limited to retail or wholesale sales, membership warehouse clubs, discount stores and department stores. See Article 6. Laundry / Dry Cleaning Plant: An establishment providing washing, dry cleaning, dyeing, pressing, or special similar services, not open to or for the direct use of the general public. See Section 1.1 (Industrial, Products and Services). Layer: A range of depth of a Lot within which certain elements are permitted as regulated in this Code. See Article 4, Table 8, Diagram D. Layer, First: The area of a Lot comprised of the distance between the Base Building Line and the required Front Setback. Layer, Second: The area of a Lot directly behind the First Layer and extending fifteen (15) feet into the lot, as depicted in Article 4, Table 8, Illustration g. The Second Layer is intended for Habitable Spaces which directly enfront Thoroughfares; however, the Second Layer may contain elements required by the Florida Building Code and other public utilities where no other location is feasible. Layer, Third: That portion of the Lot that is not within the First and Second Layer and is least visible from the Thoroughfare. Learning Center: See Section 1.1, Educational Use. LEED: Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design. Legacy Structure: An existing Structure within an NRD area which is maintained or re-purposed by the property owner that contributes to the character of the District. The Structure must maintain its physical integrity so that it sufficiently conveys its original character, possess integrity of design, setting, material, workmanship, feeling and association, and meets specific criteria of the District. Light Court: See Article 4, Table 6. Liner: A Building or part of a Building with Habitable Space specifically designed to enfront a public space, masking a function without capacity to monitor public space, such as a parking lot, Parking Garage or storage facility. A Liner shall have a minimum depth of fifteen feet (15 ft). Live-Work: See Section 1.1, Residential Uses Loading Space: An area in which goods and products are moved on and off a vehicle, including the stall or berth and the apron or maneuvering room incidental thereto. Lodging Use: See Section 1.1 Lodging Unit: Attached or semidetached living quarters comprised of furnished room(s) of approximately two hundred (200) gross square feet or more in area, including sanitary facilities but

public space, masking a function without capacity to monitor public space, such as a parking lot, Parking Garage or storage facility. A Liner shall have a minimum depth of fifteen feet (15 ft). Live-Work: See Section 1.1, Residential Uses Loading Space: An area in which goods and products are moved on and off a vehicle, including the stall or berth and the apron or maneuvering room incidental thereto. Lodging Use: See Section 1.1 Lodging Unit: Attached or semidetached living quarters comprised of furnished room(s) of approximately two hundred (200) gross square feet or more in area, including sanitary facilities but with only limited kitchen facilities, if any; not qualifying as a Dwelling Unit or efficiency apartment; occupied by transients on a rental or lease basis for limited periods of time. Lot: A Lot is any individual Lot, tract or parcel of land, intended as a single Building site or unit, having an assigned number or numbers, letter or letters, or other name through which it may be identified for development purposes. A Lot may also be any combination of Lots, tracts, parcels or other areas of land established by acceptable legal joinder, delineated by a closed boundary and assigned a number, letter or other name through which it may be identified, intended as a single unit for development purposes. Lot Area: Lot area shall be the area within the Lot Property Lines, excluding any portions of street rights-of-way or other required dedications. Lot, Conforming: A parcel of land meeting the requirements of this Code as to dimensions (width, depth, or area) and access. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 15/614 Lot, Corner: A Lot or parcel of land Abutting two (2) or more Thoroughfares at their intersection, or two (2) parts of the same Thoroughfare forming an interior angle of less than one hundred thirty-five (135) degrees. Lot Coverage: The area of the Lot occupied by all Buildings, excluding roof overhangs, balconies, shade eyebrows, canopies, and other unenclosed cantilevered elements that do not extend more seven (7) feet from a wall, and Structures such as decks, pools, and trellises. In the T5, T6, and CI-HD Transect Zones ground floor cantilevered Awnings and cantilevered entry canopies within the First Layer shall not be counted towards Lot Coverage. Lot, Interior: A Lot Abutting only one (1) Thoroughfare. Lot, Nonconforming: A parcel of land with dimensions or access not meeting minimum requirements of this Code. See Article 7, Section 7.2.1. Lot, Through: A Lot other than a Corner Lot, and with Frontage on more than one (1) Thoroughfare; Alleys shall not be considered for purposes of this definition. Lot Line: The boundary that legally and geometrically demarcates a Lot. Lot Width: The length of the narrowest dimension Frontage Line of a Lot. Low Income Housing: As established by the City’s Community Development Department. Major Facility: See Section 1.1, Civil Support Use. Major Recreational Equipment: Vehicles including travel trailers, pickup campers, converted trucks or buses, motorized homes, tent campers, tents, or other short-term housing or

Code. See Article 7, Section 7.2.1. Lot, Through: A Lot other than a Corner Lot, and with Frontage on more than one (1) Thoroughfare; Alleys shall not be considered for purposes of this definition. Lot Line: The boundary that legally and geometrically demarcates a Lot. Lot Width: The length of the narrowest dimension Frontage Line of a Lot. Low Income Housing: As established by the City’s Community Development Department. Major Facility: See Section 1.1, Civil Support Use. Major Recreational Equipment: Vehicles including travel trailers, pickup campers, converted trucks or buses, motorized homes, tent campers, tents, or other short-term housing or shelter arrangements and devices, boats and boat trailers, combinations thereof, and other similar equipment, and trailers, cases, and boxes for transporting recreational equipment, whether occupied by such equipment or not. Manufacturing and Processing: See Section 1.1, Industrial Use. Marina: See Section 1.1, Civil Support Use. Marine-related Industrial Facility: See Section 1.1, Industrial Use. Marine-related Commercial Establishment: See Section 1.1, Commercial Use. Market Rate Housing: As established by the City’s Community Development Department. Microbrewery: An establishment that is primarily a manufacturing facility, where beer is produced for wider distribution and consumption on premises, with a maximum production of 15,000 barrels of beer per year. The establishment shall include retail sales, a tasting room, and/or a restaurant where beer manufactured onsite is served. See Article 6. Micro Dwelling Unit: An small Multi-Family Residential Dwelling Unit type that shall include sanitary facilities and kitchen facilities. See Article 6. Table 13. Middle / High-School: See Section 1.1, Educational Use. Minor Accessories: An optional part fitted to perform an additional function or enhance performance. For Recreational Watercraft these include masts, antennae vent stacks and windshields. Mitigation: Measures taken to eliminate, minimize, or compensate for damages from development activity. Multi-Family Housing: See Section 1.1, Residential Use. Natural Features: Physical characteristics of a property that are not man made. Natural Zone or T1 Zone: See Article 4, Table 1. Navigable Waterway: The navigable part of a waterway, centrally located with respect to the theoretical axis of the waterway (or the axis of the improved channel of the Miami River) which provides a throughway or access aisle for manned vessels. Neighborhood: An urbanized area that is primarily Residential. A Neighborhood shall be based upon a partial or entire Standard Pedestrian Shed. The physical center of the Neighborhood should be located at an important traffic intersection associated with a Civic or Commercial use. Neighborhood Conservation District (NCD): A zoning overlay district. See Section 3.12. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 16/614 Neighborhood Revitalization District (NRD): An overlay zoning district. See Article 3, Section 3.12.3. Nonconforming Lot: See Article 7, Section 7.2.1. Nonconforming Site Improvements: See Article 7, Section 7.2.1. Nonconforming Structure: See Article 7, Section 7.2.1. Nonconforming Use: See Article 7, Section 7.2.1. Nursing Home or Extended Care Facility: An institution which is licensed by the State of Florida to provide health care or medical supervision for twenty-four (24) or more consecutive hours for three (3) or more persons not

Civic or Commercial use. Neighborhood Conservation District (NCD): A zoning overlay district. See Section 3.12. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 16/614 Neighborhood Revitalization District (NRD): An overlay zoning district. See Article 3, Section 3.12.3. Nonconforming Lot: See Article 7, Section 7.2.1. Nonconforming Site Improvements: See Article 7, Section 7.2.1. Nonconforming Structure: See Article 7, Section 7.2.1. Nonconforming Use: See Article 7, Section 7.2.1. Nursing Home or Extended Care Facility: An institution which is licensed by the State of Florida to provide health care or medical supervision for twenty-four (24) or more consecutive hours for three (3) or more persons not related to the governing authority by blood, marriage or adoption. See Section 1.1 (Civil Support, Community Support Facility) and Article 6. Office: See Section 1.1, Office Use. Office Use: See Section 1.1. Open Air Retail: See Section 1.1, Commercial Use. Open Space: Any parcel or area of land or water essentially unimproved by permanent Buildings and open to the sky, excluding open parking areas; such space shall be reserved for public or private Use. Open Spaces may include Parks, Greens, Squares, Courtyards, Gardens, Playgrounds, Paseos (when designed predominantly for pedestrians), and pedestrian paths or associated landscaped areas. Outbuilding: A Building, usually located towards the rear of the same Lot as a Principal Building. It is sometimes connected to the Principal Building by a Backbuilding. Park: A tract of land designated and used by the public for active and passive recreation. See Article 4, Table 7. Also known as Public Park. Parking Area: Any area designed and used for parking motor vehicles including parking lots and garages, driveways, garages serving residential Uses, and Thoroughfares. Parking Garage or Parking Structure: A Structure containing vehicular parking, including mechanical parking systems. Parking, Off-site: Spaces provided for vehicles and located outside of the boundaries of the Lots to be served. Parking, Off-street: Any land area designed and used for parking motor vehicles including parking lots and garages, driveways and garages serving residential uses, but excluding areas of Thoroughfares. See Articles 3 and 4. Parking, Tandem: The placement of up to two (2) vehicles either one (1) behind the other or one (1) above the other as opposed to side by side. Parking, Underground: Parking in which the ceiling or roof of the top level does not rise above any adjoining public Sidewalk. Paseo: An access way limited to pedestrian use connecting streets, plazas, alleys, garages and other existing and future public spaces abutting a property. A Paseo shall have a clear path of a miminum of ten (10) feet in width that is restricted to pedestrian use and lined with active uses having frequent doors and windows. A Paseo may be roofed above the first floor for (100%) of its length, but any roof portion of Paseo shall not be counted as Open Space. Pawnshop: Establishments which provide loans upon delivery of personal goods or other chattel as security and sell those same items as a secondhand retail service. See Section 1.1 (Industrial, Products and

and other existing and future public spaces abutting a property. A Paseo shall have a clear path of a miminum of ten (10) feet in width that is restricted to pedestrian use and lined with active uses having frequent doors and windows. A Paseo may be roofed above the first floor for (100%) of its length, but any roof portion of Paseo shall not be counted as Open Space. Pawnshop: Establishments which provide loans upon delivery of personal goods or other chattel as security and sell those same items as a secondhand retail service. See Section 1.1 (Industrial, Products and Services). Pedestal: In T6 Zones, that portion of a Building up to the eighth Story. Also known as podium. Pedestrian Entrance/Entry: The route by which a pedestrian accesses the second or third layer of a Lot or a Building. Emergency exits, utility doors, and doors to non-habitable spaces shall not be considered a Pedestrian Entrance. Pedestrian Orientation: The characteristics of an area where the location and access to Buildings, types of Uses permitted on the street level, and storefront design relate to the needs of persons traveling on foot. Pedestrian Passage: An Open Space connecting other public spaces, that is restricted to pedestrian use and limited vehicular access that connects Thoroughfares, Plazas, Alleys, Garages and other public use spaces, Pedestrian Passage shall have frequent doors and windows. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 17/614 Pedestrian Shed: An area, approximately circular, that is centered on a common destination. A Pe­destrian Shed is applied to determine the approximate size of a Neighborhood. A Standard Pedestrian Shed is a barrier-free area interconnected by sidewalks and crosswalks with a one-quarter (1/4) mile travel distance from the common destination. This is about the distance of a five-minute walk at a leisurely pace. A Linear Pedestrian Shed is elongated to follow a commercial corridor, measuring one-quarter (¼) mile out from the center line of the corridor. It has been shown that provided with a pedestrian environment, most people will walk this distance rather than drive. The outline of the shed must be refined according to actual site conditions, particularly along Thoroughfares. The common destination should have the present or future capacity to accommodate Transect Zones successional in Density to its surroundings. (Sometimes called a “walkshed” or “walkable catchment”). Personal Wireless Service Facility (PWSF): A facility for the provision of personal wireless services, as defined by the Federal Telecommunications Act of 1996. A PWSF is any facility for the transmission or reception of personal wireless services, which may consist of an antenna array, transmission cables, equipment shelter or Building, access road, mount, and a guy system. Such facilities may include “monopole” or “lattice tower (tower)” Structures. See Section 1.1, (Civil Support, Infrastructure and Utilities), and Article 6. Pervious Pavement System: A porous surface system with a stabilized base that allows water from precipitation and other sources to pass directly through, thereby reducing the runoff from a site, allowing groundwater recharge, and naturally cooling the surface through evaporation of

Telecommunications Act of 1996. A PWSF is any facility for the transmission or reception of personal wireless services, which may consist of an antenna array, transmission cables, equipment shelter or Building, access road, mount, and a guy system. Such facilities may include “monopole” or “lattice tower (tower)” Structures. See Section 1.1, (Civil Support, Infrastructure and Utilities), and Article 6. Pervious Pavement System: A porous surface system with a stabilized base that allows water from precipitation and other sources to pass directly through, thereby reducing the runoff from a site, allowing groundwater recharge, and naturally cooling the surface through evaporation of water from pavement voids or from beneath. Pharmaceutical Laboratories: Pharmaceutical laboratories are facilities equipped and intended for the testing of pharmaceutical products, particularly their effects on the human body. Such research primarily entails the evaluation of the absorption, elimination, bioavailability and pharmacodynamics of medications administered to research participants. Due to the standard protocols associated with such research, test subjects must remain on-site for prolonged periods including overnight stays. See Section 1.1 (Industrial, Products and Services). Pier: A platform extending from shore over water used to secure and protect vessels or allow pedestrian access to extend over water. See Article 6. Place of Assembly: See Section 1.1, Commercial Use. Planter: The element of the public streetscape which accommodates street trees. Planters may be continuous or individual and separated. Playground: See Article 4, Table 7. Play Street: See Article 4, Table 7. Plaza: See Article 4, Table 7. Porch: An open air room appended to a Building, with floor and roof but no walls on the sides facing Frontages. Porte-cochére: See Carport. Pre-School: See Section 1.1, Educational Use. Primary-Secondary Grid: Thoroughfare designations appearing on a plan adopted under this Code or a Special Area Plan. See Article 3, Section 3.9. Principal Building: A Structure used to enclose or house the primary Use(s) located on a Lot; or the main Building on a Lot, usually located toward the front. Principal Dwelling Unit: See Single-Family Residence. Product and Services: See Section 1.1, Industrial Uses. Property Line: Demarcation of private property ownership. Public: Facilities or land owned or operated by a governmental organization. Public Benefits Program: See Article 3, Section 3.14. Public Parking: See Section 1.1, Civil Support Use. Public Storage Facilities: An establishment containing separate, secured self-storage areas or lockers used for the temporary storage of household items and seasonal or recreational vehicles, small boats, trailers etc. These facilities cater primarily to the needs of nearby residents. See Section 1.1 (Commercial, General Commercial) and Article 6. Recreational Establishment: See Section 1.1, Commercial Use. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 18/614 Recreational Facility: See Section 1.1, Civic Use. Recreational Watercraft: A vessel or craft designed and licensed to move across or through water, designed and outfitted exclusively for recreational use. Religious Facility: See Section 1.1, Civic Use. Research Facility: See Section 1.1, Educational Use. Rescue Mission: See Section 1.1, Civil Support Use. Residential Use: See Section 1.1. Retail Frontage Line: Frontage Lines designated on a Special

boats, trailers etc. These facilities cater primarily to the needs of nearby residents. See Section 1.1 (Commercial, General Commercial) and Article 6. Recreational Establishment: See Section 1.1, Commercial Use. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 18/614 Recreational Facility: See Section 1.1, Civic Use. Recreational Watercraft: A vessel or craft designed and licensed to move across or through water, designed and outfitted exclusively for recreational use. Religious Facility: See Section 1.1, Civic Use. Research Facility: See Section 1.1, Educational Use. Rescue Mission: See Section 1.1, Civil Support Use. Residential Use: See Section 1.1. Retail Frontage Line: Frontage Lines designated on a Special Area Plan that require the ground level to be available for retail Use. Right-of-Way, Public: That land held in trust by the City between the base building lines, including the Sidewalk, swale and parkway area, and the roadway, street and highway, including a limited-access expressway. Roof Terrace: An outdoor space accessible to Building occupants that is designed to provide elevated views of the surrounding area. The terrace shall be located beyond the second story of a Building with a minimum size of eight hundred (800) square feet, consisting primarily of Florida Friendly Landscaping and high-albedo pavement, and may include container gardens and rooftop farming. Extensive, Intensive or a combination of Extensive and Intensive Green Roof systems may also be provided as additional landscape. Rowhouse: A Dwelling Unit that shares a party wall with another Dwelling Unit of the same type. Rural Zone or T2 Zone: See Article 4, Table 1. Scale: The spatial relationship among Structures along a street or block front, including height, bulk and yard relationships. Scale also refers to the proportional relationship of the size of parts to one another and to the human figure. Schools: Any public, parochial, private, charitable or non-profit school, college or university, other than trade or business schools, which may include instructional and recreational uses, living quarters, dining rooms, restaurants, heating plants and other incidental facilities for students, teachers and employees, including the Educational Uses such as: pre-school, elementary school, middle school, high school, college and university. Screening: Visually shielding or obscuring one Structure or Use from another by a Liner Building, fencing, wall, or densely planted vegetation. Secondary Grid: See Primary-Secondary Grid. Setback: The distance from the Base Building Line to the point where a Building may be constructed. This area must be maintained clear of permanent Structures with the exception of encroachments described in each Transect Zone. Shared Amenity Space: An indoor or outdoor space that provides an amenity or benefit to its users, separate from common circulation areas, corridors, mailrooms, and vestibules. The space shall include furniture and fixtures that accommodate active or passive activities. Access to these spaces shall be at no additional cost to residents of the unified development. Shared Parking Standards: An accounting for parking spaces that are available to more than one function. Shopfront: See Article 4, Table 6. Sidewalk: The paved layer of the Public Frontage dedicated exclusively to pedestrian activity. Single-Family Residence: See

of encroachments described in each Transect Zone. Shared Amenity Space: An indoor or outdoor space that provides an amenity or benefit to its users, separate from common circulation areas, corridors, mailrooms, and vestibules. The space shall include furniture and fixtures that accommodate active or passive activities. Access to these spaces shall be at no additional cost to residents of the unified development. Shared Parking Standards: An accounting for parking spaces that are available to more than one function. Shopfront: See Article 4, Table 6. Sidewalk: The paved layer of the Public Frontage dedicated exclusively to pedestrian activity. Single-Family Residence: See Section 1.1, Residential Use. Solar Equipment: A device or structural design feature, the predominant purpose of which is to provide daylight for interior lighting or provide for the collection, storage, and distribution of solar energy for space heating or cooling, electricity generation, or water heating. Solar Reflectance: The fraction of solar energy reflected by a material. Solid Waste Facility: Facility for the disposition of unwanted or discarded material including garbage with insufficient liquid content to be free flowing. See Section 1.1 (Industrial, Products and Services). Special Area Plan: See Article 3, Section 3.9. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 19/614 Special Flood Hazard Area: The land area, as determined by FEMA and shown on the FEMA Flood Insurance Rate Map (FIRM), covered by the floodwaters of the base flood. Special Training Facility / Vocational: See Section 1.1, Educational Use. Specified Anatomical Areas: Those areas of the human body, less than completely and opaquely covered, which consist of: (a) male and female genitals or pubic region; (b) male or female buttocks, anus, anal cleft, or cleavage; (c) female breast below a point immediately above the top of the areola; or (d) human male genitals in a discernibly turgid state. See Section 1.1 (Commercial, Entertainment Establishment, Adult). Specified Sexual Activities: Those activities which, when described, displayed, exhibited, simulated, or depicted by whatsoever medium in an adult entertainment service establishment: (a) show the human genitals in a state of sexual stimulation, or being aroused to a state of sexual stimulation, (b) show acts of human masturbation, human sexual intercourse, or sodomy; or sexual acts between humans and animals; (c) show one (1) human being fondling or touching erotically the genitals, pubic area, buttock, anus, or female breast of another human being. See Section 1.1 (Commercial Entertainment Establishment, Adult). Square: See Article 4, Table 7. Stall / Berth: The space where vehicles are placed for parking or loading or unloading operations. Stationing: The placing or positioning of a given movable item on a given parcel of land for period of time exceeding 12 hours. Stoop: A small stair, landing or ramp connecting a Building entrance to the Sidewalk. Also See Article 4, Table 6. Storage and Distribution: See Section 1.1, Industrial Use. Story: A level within a Building by which Height is measured. Streetscape: The urban element that establishes the major part of the public realm. The streetscape is composed of Thoroughfares (travel lanes for

Stall / Berth: The space where vehicles are placed for parking or loading or unloading operations. Stationing: The placing or positioning of a given movable item on a given parcel of land for period of time exceeding 12 hours. Stoop: A small stair, landing or ramp connecting a Building entrance to the Sidewalk. Also See Article 4, Table 6. Storage and Distribution: See Section 1.1, Industrial Use. Story: A level within a Building by which Height is measured. Streetscape: The urban element that establishes the major part of the public realm. The streetscape is composed of Thoroughfares (travel lanes for vehicles and bicycles, parking lanes for cars, and Sidewalks or paths for pedestrians) as well as the amenities of the Public Frontages (street trees and plantings, benches, streetlights, paving, street furniture, etc.), and the visible Private Frontages (Building Facades and Building Elevations, Porches, yards, Fences, etc.). Streetscape Master Plan: See Article 3, Section 3.12. Streetscreen: A freestanding wall required in certain Transect Zones built along the Frontage Line, or coplanar with the Facade, often for the purpose of masking a parking lot from the Thoroughfare. See Article 4, Table 8. Structure: A Structure is anything constructed or erected, the use of which requires fixed location on the ground or attachment to something having fixed location on the ground or on or below the surface of the ground or water. Sub-Urban Zone or T3 Zone: See Article 4, Table 1. Terminated Vista: A location at the axial conclusion of a Thoroughfare. A Building located at a Terminated Vista designated on a Special Area Plan is required to be designed in response to the axis. Terrace: See Article 4, Table 6. Thoroughfare: A vehicular way incorporating moving lanes and parking lanes within a right-of-way as part of an interconnected network for vehicular, pedestrian, and bicycle mobility. Tower: In T6 Zones that portion of a Building that extends above the Pedestal. Towing Service: Establishment which provides for the removal and temporary storage of vehicles but does not include disposal, permanent disassembly, salvage or accessory storage of inoperable vehicles. Townhouse: See Rowhouse. Transect: A system of ordering human habitats in a range from the most natural to the most urban. Transect Zones describe the physical character of place at any Scale, according to the Density and Intensity of land use and urbanism. Transect Zone (T-Zone): The identification of areas of varying Density whose character is determined by the requirements for Use, Height, Setback and the form of Building and the form of the enfronting public streetscape. The elements are determined by their location on the Transect scale. The T-Zones are: T1 Natural, T2 Rural, T3 Sub-Urban, T4 Urban General, T5 Urban Center, and T6 Urban Core, CS Civic Space, CI Civic Institutional, CI-HD Civic Institution – 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 20/614 Health District, D1 Work Place, D2 Industrial and D3 Waterfront Industrial. Within T3 through T6 Zones are additional categories, Restricted (R), Limited (L) and Open (O), and each category shall also be

is determined by the requirements for Use, Height, Setback and the form of Building and the form of the enfronting public streetscape. The elements are determined by their location on the Transect scale. The T-Zones are: T1 Natural, T2 Rural, T3 Sub-Urban, T4 Urban General, T5 Urban Center, and T6 Urban Core, CS Civic Space, CI Civic Institutional, CI-HD Civic Institution – 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 20/614 Health District, D1 Work Place, D2 Industrial and D3 Waterfront Industrial. Within T3 through T6 Zones are additional categories, Restricted (R), Limited (L) and Open (O), and each category shall also be considered a T-Zone. Transit Corridor: A designation established by the City involving an area not exceeding a one-quarter (1/4) mile radius from a non-limited access thoroughfare that included designated transit stop locations and is served by one or more mass transit route(s) with designated transit vehicle(s) operating at an average of ten (10) minute or less headway Monday thru Friday between the hours of 7am thru 7pm. Multiple transit routes or types of transit vehicles may be added cumulatively under this definition for the purpose of parking reductions. Transit Facility: See Section 1.1, Civil Support Use. Transit Oriented Development (TOD): A designation established by the City within the Pedestrian Shed or Bicycle Shed area of a convergence of modes of transit, or a train station. Transition Line: A horizontal line spanning the full width of a Facade, expressed by a material change or by a continuous horizontal articulation such as a cornice or a balcony. Transmission Towers: Freestanding Structures intended for the support of antennas used in the reception and relay of radar, radio, cellular, television or telephone communications. Travel Trailer / Recreational Vehicle: A vehicular, portable Structure built on a chassis, designed to be used as a temporary dwelling for travel, recreational, or vacation purposes. This includes pickup campers, converted trucks, converted buses, converted automobiles, tent or pop-out campers, tents, or other short- term housing or shelter arrangements. Two-Family Residence: See Section 1.1, Residential Use. Type: A category determined by Function, disposition, and configuration, including size or extent, such as Thoroughfare types, Civic Space Types, etc. Unity of Title: A written agreement executed by and between a property owner and the City whereby the property owner for a specified consideration by the City agrees that the Lots and or parcels of land constituting the Building site shall not be conveyed, mortgaged and or leased separate and apart from each other and that they shall be held together as one (1) tract. Such Unity of Title shall be recorded in the Public Records of Dade County, Florida and shall run with the land and shall be binding upon the property owner(s), their successors and assigns. See Article 7, Section 7.1.7. A covenant in lieu of Unity of Title is acceptable in situations where a unified lot is required by this Code, but a Unity of Title is not practical due to different ownership. Such covenant must conform to all of

conveyed, mortgaged and or leased separate and apart from each other and that they shall be held together as one (1) tract. Such Unity of Title shall be recorded in the Public Records of Dade County, Florida and shall run with the land and shall be binding upon the property owner(s), their successors and assigns. See Article 7, Section 7.1.7. A covenant in lieu of Unity of Title is acceptable in situations where a unified lot is required by this Code, but a Unity of Title is not practical due to different ownership. Such covenant must conform to all of the requirements of Article 7, Section 7.1.7.5 of this Code. The terms Unity of Title and covenant in lieu of Unity of Title shall be interchangeable for purposes of this Code. Urban Center Zone or T5 Zone: See Article 4, Table 1. Urban Core Zone or T6 Zone: See Article 4, Table 1. Urban Central Business District: An Urban Central Business District (UCBD) identifies the single urban core area within the City of Miami. The UCBD boundary is defined within the Comprehensive Plan, and shall contain high intensity, high density multi-use development to include: retail; professional and governmental office uses; cultural, recreational and entertainment facilities; high density residential; hotels and motels; and appropriate industrial activities. Urban Design: Form, in terms of both beauty and function, of urban areas. Urban design is concerned with the location, mass, and design of various urban components and combines elements of urban planning, architecture, landscape architecture, and traffic engineering. Urban Form: The spatial arrangement of a particular environment, as defined by the connectivity of built mass and form, the natural environment, and the movement of persons, goods and information within. Use: The purpose or activity for which land, water or Buildings are designed, arranged, or intended, or for which land or Buildings are occupied or maintained. USGBC: United States Green Building Council. Variance: Permit approved pursuant to the requirements of Article 7. Vehicle Rental Facility: An establishment where motor vehicles are kept and maintained for lease, where such vehicles are dropped off or picked up and where customers complete all transactions necessary for the short term lease of such vehicles. See Article 6. Vehicular Entrance/Entry: The route by which vehicles access Lots or Buildings from the Right-of-Way. Vehicular Entries facilitate ingress and egress for parking, loading, service, drop-off, valet, or similar functions. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 21/614 Verge: The space between the Sidewalk and the Curb. Vessel: Any watercraft, power-driven or not, mobile or stationary, surface, subsurface or hydrofoil, including but not limited to ships, boats, houseboats, air boats, and sea planes, but excluding Floating Structures. Vessel, Commercial: A vessel built, altered, or used for the principal purpose of engaging in water-related commercial activity, including but not limited to charter boats, fishing boats, cruise ships, and freighters. Vessel, Private Pleasure Craft: A vessel which is privately owned or leased primarily for recreational purposes. Private pleasure craft do not include commercial, official, or scientific vessels.

Print about:blank 21/614 Verge: The space between the Sidewalk and the Curb. Vessel: Any watercraft, power-driven or not, mobile or stationary, surface, subsurface or hydrofoil, including but not limited to ships, boats, houseboats, air boats, and sea planes, but excluding Floating Structures. Vessel, Commercial: A vessel built, altered, or used for the principal purpose of engaging in water-related commercial activity, including but not limited to charter boats, fishing boats, cruise ships, and freighters. Vessel, Private Pleasure Craft: A vessel which is privately owned or leased primarily for recreational purposes. Private pleasure craft do not include commercial, official, or scientific vessels. For regulatory purposes, private pleasure craft are divided into two (2) classes: Minor: Under sixteen (16) feet in length; Major: Sixteen (16) feet and over in length. Private pleasure craft may or may not contain facilities qualifying them Residential Use. Where they do contain such facilities, Use within the City limits shall be governed as provided in this Code and other applicable regulations. View Corridor: An axial view terminating on a natural or historical feature. Visibility, Material impediment to: Any material obstruction to visibility that would result in concealment of a child more than two and one-half (2 1/2) feet in height approaching an intersection, or would conceal an approaching automotive vehicle or cyclist from such a child. In determining whether a material Impediment exists to visibility, the speed, direction, and duration of movement to point of potential collision or contact shall be considered. Visibility Triangle: See Article 4, Table 8. Waiver: Permit approved pursuant to the requirements of Article 7. Warrant: Permit approved pursuant to the requirements of Article 7. Waterbody: Any body of water separated by a salinity dam from Biscayne Bay including, but not limited to, Comfort Canal, Little River, Blue Lagoon, and the like. Properties along a Waterbody have been depicted in Article 3, Diagram 1, titled “Waterways & Waterbodies with Waterfront Properties”. Waterfront: The area of a property that fronts a Waterway or Waterbody and is improved to preserve the City’s natural shoreline and to guarantee Open Space along the water’s edge. The definition is for the limited purposes of the Miami 21 Code only. Waterway: Biscayne Bay and any body of water navigable to Biscayne Bay; Miami River and its tributaries from Biscayne Bay to salinity dams or termini, whichever comes first; and the Little River from Biscayne Bay to the salinity dam. Properties along a Waterway have been depicted in Article 3, Diagram 1, titled “Waterways & Waterbodies with Waterfront Properties”. Workforce Housing: See Article 3, Section 3.14. Workforce Housing: Workforce housing shall mean a Dwelling Unit, owner-occupied and/or rental housing with a purchase cost, value, or monthly rental, as applicable, equal to or less than the amounts established by the applicable standards for those individuals whose income is above 60 percent and at or below 100 percent of Area Median Income as published by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and certified by the Department of Housing and Community

along a Waterway have been depicted in Article 3, Diagram 1, titled “Waterways & Waterbodies with Waterfront Properties”. Workforce Housing: See Article 3, Section 3.14. Workforce Housing: Workforce housing shall mean a Dwelling Unit, owner-occupied and/or rental housing with a purchase cost, value, or monthly rental, as applicable, equal to or less than the amounts established by the applicable standards for those individuals whose income is above 60 percent and at or below 100 percent of Area Median Income as published by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and certified by the Department of Housing and Community Development. Work-Live: See Section 1.1, Residential Use Woonerf: See Article 4, Table 7. 1.3 DEFINITIONS OF SIGNS Notwithstanding definitions in this Code referring to Lot Frontage, for the purpose of regulating the number of Signs, the term “fronting on a street,” “street frontage,” or “frontage” shall be construed as adjacent to a street, whether at the front, rear, or side of a Lot. Except as otherwise provided, any Sign bearing advertising matter shall be considered an Advertising Sign for the purposes of this Code. For purposes of this Code, and notwithstanding the definition of Structure generally applicable in this Code, any trailer or other vehicle, and any other device which is readily movable and designed or used primarily for the display of Signs shall be construed to be a Sign Structure, and any Signs thereon shall be limited in area, number, location, and other characteristics in accordance with general regulations and regulations applying in the Transect in which displayed. Address Sign: Signs limited in subject matter to the street number or postal address of the property, the names of occupants or the name of the property. Aggregate Area: The total area allowed for all Sign types to be placed along a Building Frontage. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 22/614 Awning or Canopy Sign: A Sign painted, stamped, perforated, stitched or otherwise applied on the valance of an awning or other fabric protrusion above or around a window, door or other opening on a Facade. Animated Sign: A Sign which has any visible moving parts, flashing or oscillating lights, visible mechanical movement of any description, or other apparent visible movement achieved by any means that moves, changes, flashes, oscillates or visibly alters in appearance. Banner Sign: A Sign made from flexible material suspended from a pole or poles, or with one (1) or both ends attached to a Structure or Structures. Where Signs are composed of strings of banners, they shall be construed to be Pennant or Streamer Signs. Billboard: See City Code Chapter 62 Building Identification Sign: Any Sign containing the name of the Building, institution, person, or the activity carried on in the Building. Business Identification Sign: Any Sign used to identify an establishment within a Structure or its premises limited to the name, activity or hours of operation. Changeable Copy Sign: A Sign or portion thereof on which the copy or symbols change or rearrange, electronically or otherwise,

(1) or both ends attached to a Structure or Structures. Where Signs are composed of strings of banners, they shall be construed to be Pennant or Streamer Signs. Billboard: See City Code Chapter 62 Building Identification Sign: Any Sign containing the name of the Building, institution, person, or the activity carried on in the Building. Business Identification Sign: Any Sign used to identify an establishment within a Structure or its premises limited to the name, activity or hours of operation. Changeable Copy Sign: A Sign or portion thereof on which the copy or symbols change or rearrange, electronically or otherwise, without altering the face or surface of the sign, or manually through placement of letters or symbols on a panel mounted in or on a track system. Class A (temporary Signs): Any Sign(s) erected on a temporary basis, such as Signs advertising the sale or rental of the premises on which located; Signs advertising a subdivision of property; Signs advertising construction actually being done on the premises on which the Sign is located; Signs advertising future construction to be done on the premises on which located; and Signs advertising special events, such as carnivals, concerts, public meetings, sporting events, political campaigns or events of a similar nature. Class B (point of sale Signs): Any sign advertising, identifying or designating the use, occupant of the premises, merchandise, or entertainment event and products sold on the premises, shall be deemed to be a point of sale sign (Class B) and shall be located on the same premises whereon such is situated or the products sold. Class C (commercial advertising Signs): Any Sign which is used for any purpose other than that of advertising to the public the legal or exact firm name of business or other activity carried on at the premises, or for advertising any service or product or products actually and actively being offered for sale on the premises, or which is designed and displayed solely to offer for sale or rent the premises, or to advertise construction being done, or proposed to be done, on the premises, or to advertise special events, shall constitute a class C sign. Directional, Notice, or Warning Sign: A Sign which guides or directs the public and contains no advertising. Signs limited to providing notice concerning posting of property against trespassing, directing deliveries or indicating location of entrances, exits or parking on public or private property; indicating location of buried utilities, warning against hazardous conditions; prohibiting salesman, peddlers, or agents, and the like. Display Surface: The surface upon, against or through which a Sign copy is displayed or illustrated, not including structural supports, Architectural Features of a Building or Sign Structure, nonstructural thematic or decorative trim, or any areas that are separated from the background surface upon which the Sign copy is displayed by a distinct delineation, such as reveal or border. Freestanding Sign: Any Sign not attached to or painted on a Building, but which is mounted on one (1) or more columns,

private property; indicating location of buried utilities, warning against hazardous conditions; prohibiting salesman, peddlers, or agents, and the like. Display Surface: The surface upon, against or through which a Sign copy is displayed or illustrated, not including structural supports, Architectural Features of a Building or Sign Structure, nonstructural thematic or decorative trim, or any areas that are separated from the background surface upon which the Sign copy is displayed by a distinct delineation, such as reveal or border. Freestanding Sign: Any Sign not attached to or painted on a Building, but which is mounted on one (1) or more columns, poles, or braces permanently attached to the ground. Permanently attached as used herein shall mean that the supporting Structure of the Sign is attached to the ground by a concrete foundation. Hanging Sign: A projecting Sign suspended vertically from and supported by the underside of a canopy, marquee, awning or from a bracket or other device extending from a Structure. Historic Sign: See Chapter 23, Section 23.6.4 of City Code. Home Office Sign: A Sign containing only the name and occupation of a permitted Home Office. Illuminated Sign: A Sign illuminated in any manner by an artificial light source. Where artificial lighting that makes the Sign visible is incidental to general illumination of the premises, the Sign shall not be construed to be an Illuminated Sign. Indirectly Illuminated Sign: A Sign illuminated primarily by light directed toward or across it or by backlighting from a source not within it. Sources of illumination for such Signs may be in the form of gooseneck lamps, spotlights, or luminous tubing. Reflectorized signs depending on automobile headlights for an image in periods of darkness shall be construed to be Indirectly Illuminated Signs. Internally (or Directly) Illuminated Sign: A Sign containing its own source of artificial light internally, and dependent primarily upon such source for visibility during periods of darkness. Kiosk: A small stand-alone structure used to provide information and services. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 23/614 Media Tower: A Structure that may serve as a viewing tower and a kinetic illuminated media display system, utilizing signage, video and all other forms of animated illuminated visual message media as per Chapter 62 of the City Code. Menu Board Sign: A Changeable Copy Sign for the purpose of displaying a menu selection or pricing board for food service drive-up windows. Monument Sign: Any Sign not attached to or painted on a Building, but which is mounted on a wall or Structure and permanently attached to the ground. Permanently attached as used herein shall mean that the supporting Structure of the Sign is attached to the ground by a concrete foundation. Monument Sign Structure shall bear no visible freestanding poles. Mural: See City Code Chapter 62. Number Of Signs: Signs shall be comprised of individual letters, figures or elements on a wall or similar surface of the Building or Structure. The area and dimensions of the Sign shall encompass a regular geometric shape, or a combination of

to or painted on a Building, but which is mounted on a wall or Structure and permanently attached to the ground. Permanently attached as used herein shall mean that the supporting Structure of the Sign is attached to the ground by a concrete foundation. Monument Sign Structure shall bear no visible freestanding poles. Mural: See City Code Chapter 62. Number Of Signs: Signs shall be comprised of individual letters, figures or elements on a wall or similar surface of the Building or Structure. The area and dimensions of the Sign shall encompass a regular geometric shape, or a combination of regular geometric shapes, which form, or approximate, the perimeter of all elements in the Display Surface, the frame, and any applied background that is not part of the architecture of the building. When separate elements are organized to form a single Sign, and are separated by open space, the Sign Area and dimensions shall be calculated by determining the geometric form, or combination of forms, which comprises all of the Sign Area, including the space between different elements. Pennant or Streamer Sign: Signs made up of strings of pennants, or composed of ribbons or streamers, and suspended over open premises or attached to Buildings. Portable Sign: Signs not permanently affixed to a Building, Structure or the ground (A-frame, inverted T-frame, wheeled, and the like) and can be removed without tools. Projecting Sign: Any Sign which has an independent Structure, which is attached to the Building wall, and has a Sign display surface in a plane parallel or perpendicular to or approximately parallel or perpendicular to the Building wall. Revolving or Rotating Sign: See Animated Sign. Roof Sign: A Sign affixed in any manner to the roof of a Building, or a Sign mounted in whole or in part on the wall of the Building and extending above the eave line of a pitched roof or the roof line (or parapet line, if a parapet exists) of a flat roof. Sign: Any identification, description, illustration, or device, illuminated or non-illuminated, that is visible from a public right-of-way or is located on private property and visible to the public and which directs attention to a product, place, activity, person, institution, business, message or solicitation, including any permanently installed or situated merchandise, with the exception of window displays, and any letter, numeral, character, figure, emblem, painting, banner, pennant, placard, or temporary Sign designed to advertise, identify or convey information. Signs located within the interior of a Building that are visible from the public right-of-way shall be subject to Sign regulations. The following are specifically excluded from this definition of “Sign:” Governmental Signs and legal notices. Signs not visible beyond the boundaries of the Lot or parcel upon which they are located, or from any public right-of-way. Signs displayed within the interior of a Building which are not visible from the exterior of the Building. National flags and flags of political subdivisions. Weather flags. Address numbers, provided they do not exceed two square feet

to advertise, identify or convey information. Signs located within the interior of a Building that are visible from the public right-of-way shall be subject to Sign regulations. The following are specifically excluded from this definition of “Sign:” Governmental Signs and legal notices. Signs not visible beyond the boundaries of the Lot or parcel upon which they are located, or from any public right-of-way. Signs displayed within the interior of a Building which are not visible from the exterior of the Building. National flags and flags of political subdivisions. Weather flags. Address numbers, provided they do not exceed two square feet in area. Signs located in the public right-of-way which shall be governed by Chapter 54 of the City Code. Sign Area: Signs shall be comprised of individual letters, figures or elements on a wall or similar surface of the Building or Structure. The area and dimensions of the Sign shall encompass a regular geometric shape, or a combination of regular geometric shapes, which form, or approximate, the perimeter of all elements in the Display Surface, the frame, and any applied background that is not part of the architecture of the building. When separate elements are organized to form a single Sign, and are separated by open space, the Sign Area and dimensions shall be calculated by determining the geometric form, or combination of forms, which comprises all of the Sign Area, including the space between different elements. Sign Structure: A Structure for the display or support of Signs. Special Sign Package: See Article 10, Section 10.3.6. Vehicle Sign: A trailer, automobile, truck, or other vehicle used primarily for the display of Signs (rather than a Sign display incidental to use of the vehicle for transportation). 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 24/614 Wall Sign: Any Sign attached, painted or projected on the wall of a Building or Structure, and erected parallel to the face of a Building, and supported throughout its length by such Building and which displays only one (1) advertising surface. Window Sign: A Sign painted, attached or affixed in any manner to the interior or exterior of a window which is visible, wholly or in part, from the public right- of-way. 1.4 DEFINITIONS OF LANDSCAPE REQUIREMENTS The definitions contained in Section 1.2 of this Code shall apply except as otherwise changed herein: Automatic Irrigation System: An irrigation system with programmable controller or timing mechanism. Bioswale: A stormwater planter along the public ROW that captures and filters stormwater run- off, allowing water to percolate and recharge naturally into the ground, reducing stress on the greater stormwater drainage network. Buffer, perimeter landscape: An area of land which is set aside along the perimeter of a parcel of land in which landscaping is required to provide an aesthetic transition between different land uses and to eliminate or reduce the adverse environmental impact, and incompatible land use impacts. Caliper: For trees under four (4) inches in diameter, the trunk diameter measured at a height of six (6) inches above natural grade. For

along the public ROW that captures and filters stormwater run- off, allowing water to percolate and recharge naturally into the ground, reducing stress on the greater stormwater drainage network. Buffer, perimeter landscape: An area of land which is set aside along the perimeter of a parcel of land in which landscaping is required to provide an aesthetic transition between different land uses and to eliminate or reduce the adverse environmental impact, and incompatible land use impacts. Caliper: For trees under four (4) inches in diameter, the trunk diameter measured at a height of six (6) inches above natural grade. For trees four (4) inches and greater in diameter, the trunk diameter measured at twelve (12) inches above natural grade. Clearance pruning: Pruning required to avoid damage or danger related to structures, power distribution and property, as defined in the current ANSI A300 Standards. Clustering: A tree placement method along a roadway segment that allows for flexible planting distribution affording opportunities to open views to art and architecture in a district known for its significant facades. Clustering trees shall provide the necessary tree canopy to create shady zones of respite and encourages root systems to intertwine, building a hurricane resilient streetscape. Controlled plant species: Those plant species listed in the Landscape Manual which tend to become nuisances because of their ability to invade proximal native plant communities or native habitats, but which, if located and cultivated properly may be useful or functional as elements of landscape design. Diameter at breast height (DBH): Diameter of a tree’s trunk measured at a height four and one-half (4.5) feet above natural grade. In the case of multiple-trunk trees, the DBH shall mean the sum of each trunk’s diameter measured at a height of four and one-half (4.5) feet above natural grade. Differential operation schedule: A method of scheduling an irrigation system to apply different quantities of water, and/or apply water at different frequencies as appropriate, for different hydrozones. Dissimilar land uses: Proximate or directly associated land uses which are contradictory, incongruous, or discordant such as higher intensity residential, commercial or industrial uses located adjacent to lower intensity uses. Drip Line: An imaginary vertical line extending from the outermost horizontal circumference of a tree’s branches to the ground. Emitters: Devices which are used to control the discharge of irrigation water from lateral pipes. Energy conservation zone: A zone located no more than twenty-two (22) feet from a structure in a one hundred eighty (180) degree band from due east of the northeast point of the structure, to due south, to due west of the northwest point of the structure. Environmentally Endangered Lands: Lands that contain natural forest, wetland or native plant communities, rare and endangered plants and animals, endemic species, outstanding geologic or other natural features, or land which functions as an integral and sustaining component of an existing ecosystem. Existing development: Existing development shall mean a site with structures that were legally approved through the issuance of a certificate of use or certificate of

from a structure in a one hundred eighty (180) degree band from due east of the northeast point of the structure, to due south, to due west of the northwest point of the structure. Environmentally Endangered Lands: Lands that contain natural forest, wetland or native plant communities, rare and endangered plants and animals, endemic species, outstanding geologic or other natural features, or land which functions as an integral and sustaining component of an existing ecosystem. Existing development: Existing development shall mean a site with structures that were legally approved through the issuance of a certificate of use or certificate of occupancy as of the effective date of this chapter. Facultative: Plants with a similar likelihood of occurring in both wetlands and uplands, which are not recognized indicators of either wetland or upland conditions. Florida Friendly Landscaping: Describes best practices, materials or actions developed by the Florida Yards & Neighborhood Program that help to preserve Florida’s natural resources and protect the environment. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 25/614 Florida Yards & Neighborhood Program: Is a partnership of the University of Florida/Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences, Florida’s water management districts, the Florida Department of Environmental Protection, the National Estuary Program, the Florida Sea Grant College Program and other agencies, managed locally by the Miami-Dade Cooperative Extension Division of the Consumer Services Department. Forbs: Herbaceous plants other than grasses. Geologic feature: A natural rock or mineral formation. Graywater: That portion of domestic sewage emanating from residential showers, residential bathroom washbasins, or residential clothes washing machines. Ground cover: A dense, extensive growth of low-growing plants, other than turfgrass, normally reaching an average maximum height of not more than twenty- four (24) inches at maturity. Hatrack: The reduction of tree size using inter-nodal cuts without regard to tree health or structural integrity. Hazard pruning: The removal of dead, diseased, decayed, or obviously weak branches two (2) inches in diameter or greater. Head: A sprinkler head that provides above ground or overhead irrigation. Heat island: An unnaturally high temperature microclimate resulting from radiation from unshaded impervious surfaces. Hedge: A landscape barrier consisting of a continuous, dense planting of shrubs, not necessarily of the same species. Herbaceous plant: A plant having little or no woody tissue. Hydromulch: A sprayed application of seed, mulch and water. Hydrozone: A zone in which plant material with similar water needs are grouped together. Included bark: Bark that is pushed inside a developing crotch, causing a weakened structure. Irrigation detail: A graphic representation depicting the materials to be used and dimensions to be met in the installation of the irrigation system. Irrigation plan: A plan drawn at the same scale as the landscape plan, indicating location and specification of irrigation system components and other relevant information as required by this chapter. Irrigation system: A system of pipes or other conduits designed to transport and distribute water to keep plants in a healthy and vigorous condition. Landscape feature: Trellis, arbor, fountain, pond, garden sculpture, garden lighting, decking, patio, decorative paving, gazebo and

a developing crotch, causing a weakened structure. Irrigation detail: A graphic representation depicting the materials to be used and dimensions to be met in the installation of the irrigation system. Irrigation plan: A plan drawn at the same scale as the landscape plan, indicating location and specification of irrigation system components and other relevant information as required by this chapter. Irrigation system: A system of pipes or other conduits designed to transport and distribute water to keep plants in a healthy and vigorous condition. Landscape feature: Trellis, arbor, fountain, pond, garden sculpture, garden lighting, decking, patio, decorative paving, gazebo and other similar elements. Landscape Manual: An illustrative interpretation of the standards provided in this code and suggested guides for landscaping in accordance with these standards. Includes native and non-native plant lists. The manual is developed by the Miami-Dade County Department of Planning and Zoning and adopted by resolution of the Board of County Commissioners. Landscape material: Plants such as grass, ground cover, forbs, shrubs, vines, hedges, trees and non-living material such as rocks, pebbles, sand, mulch, or pervious decorative paving materials. Landscape plan: A plan indicating all landscape areas, stormwater retention/detention areas, areas which qualify to be excluded from maximum permitted lawn area, existing vegetation to be retained, proposed plant material, landscape legend, landscape features, planting specifications, and details, and all other relevant information in compliance with this article. Lawn area: An area planted with lawn grasses. Manual irrigation system: An irrigation system in which control valves and switches are manually operated rather than operated by automatic controls. Moisture and rain sensor switches: Devices which have the ability to switch off an automatic irrigation controller after receiving a predetermined amount of rainfall or moisture content in the soil. Mulch: Materials customarily used in landscape design to retard erosion, weed infestation, and retain moisture and for use in planting areas. Native habitat: An area enhanced or landscaped with an appropriate mix of native tree, shrub and groundcover species that resembles a native plant community or Natural Forest Community in structure and composition or is naturally occurring. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 26/614 Natural Forest Community: All assemblages of vegetation designated as Natural Forest Communities on the Miami-Dade County Natural Forest Community Maps and approved by the Board of County Commissioners, pursuant to Resolution No. R-1764-84 and further defined in Section 24-5 of the Miami-Dade County Code. Native plant community: A natural association of plants dominated by one (1) or more prominent native plant species, or a characteristic physical attribute. Native plant species: Plant species with a geographic distribution indigenous to all or part of Miami-Dade County. Plants which are described as being native to Miami-Dade County in botanical manuals such as, but not limited to, “A Flora of Tropical Florida” by Long and Lakela, are native plant species within the meaning of this definition. Plant species which have been introduced into Miami-Dade County by man are not native plant species. Planting detail: A graphic representation of the plant installation depicting the

association of plants dominated by one (1) or more prominent native plant species, or a characteristic physical attribute. Native plant species: Plant species with a geographic distribution indigenous to all or part of Miami-Dade County. Plants which are described as being native to Miami-Dade County in botanical manuals such as, but not limited to, “A Flora of Tropical Florida” by Long and Lakela, are native plant species within the meaning of this definition. Plant species which have been introduced into Miami-Dade County by man are not native plant species. Planting detail: A graphic representation of the plant installation depicting the materials to be used and dimensions to be met in the placement of plants and other landscape materials. Prohibited plant species: Those plant species listed in the Miami-Dade County Landscape Manual which are demonstrably detrimental to native plants, native wildlife, ecosystems, or human health, safety, and welfare. Shrub: A self-supporting woody perennial plant normally growing to a height of twenty-four (24) inches or greater, characterized by multiple stems and branches continuous from the base. Site plan: A comprehensive plan drawn to scale indicating appropriate site elevations, roadways, and location of all relevant site improvements including structures, parking, other paved areas, ingress and egress drives, landscaped open space and signage. Specimen tree: A tree with any individual trunk or a multiple trunk tree, the sum of the diameter trunks having a diameter at breast height (DBH) of eighteen (18) inches or greater. This excludes the following: 1. Non-native fruit trees that are cultivated or grown for the specific purpose of producing edible fruit, including, but not limited to, mangos, avocados, or species of citrus; 2. Non-native species of the genus Ficus; and 3. All trees in the palm family. Spray head: An irrigation device which applies water to the soil or plant surface by fixed spray or mist nozzles. Sprinkler Head: A sprinkler head that provides above ground or overhead irrigation. Sprinkler Head: A sprinkler head that provides above ground or overhead irrigation. Stabilized lawn area: An area of ground underlain with structural support in the form of grass pavers or stabilized soil prepared to withstand the load of intended vehicular use, such as automobiles, fire trucks and garbage trucks. Stormwater retention/detention area: An area designed, built and used for temporary storage of stormwater. For purposes of this chapter, these areas are intended to be permanently exempt from wetland regulations. Street Tree Master Plan: A guiding document that implements a cohesive and meaningful vision for a neighborhood roadway street tree program to restore and enhance the City’s tree canopy into a thriving urban forest that provides multiple aesthetic and environmental benefits. A plan shall identify the interconnectedness of natural resources and greening projects as well as sustainable and green infrastructure features. Tree abuse: Tree abuse shall include: Damage inflicted upon any part of a tree, including the root system, by machinery, construction equipment, cambium layer penetration, storage of materials, soil compaction, excavation, chemical application or spillage, or change to the natural

Tree Master Plan: A guiding document that implements a cohesive and meaningful vision for a neighborhood roadway street tree program to restore and enhance the City’s tree canopy into a thriving urban forest that provides multiple aesthetic and environmental benefits. A plan shall identify the interconnectedness of natural resources and greening projects as well as sustainable and green infrastructure features. Tree abuse: Tree abuse shall include: Damage inflicted upon any part of a tree, including the root system, by machinery, construction equipment, cambium layer penetration, storage of materials, soil compaction, excavation, chemical application or spillage, or change to the natural grade; Hatracking; Girdling or bark removal of more than one-third (1/3) of the tree diameter; Tears and splitting of limb ends or peeling and stripping of bark resulting from improper pruning techniques not in accordance with the current ANSI A300 Standards and/or excessive root cutting. Tree canopy: The aerial extent of the branches and foliage of a tree as defined by the drip line. Temporary irrigation systems: A system including surface distribution elements (hose, pipe, etc.) which may be easily removed when landscape is established. Understory: The complex of woody, fibrous, herbaceous, and graminoid plant species that are typically associated with a Natural Forest Community, native plant community, or native habitat. Vegetation required to be preserved by law: Portions of a site, including but not limited to specimen trees, Natural Forest Communities and native vegetation which are clearly delineated on site plans, plats, or recorded restrictions, or in some other legally binding manner that are to be protected from any tree or understory removal or effective destruction and maintained without any development. Vegetation survey: A drawing provided at the same scale as the landscape plan which includes relevant information as required by this chapter. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 27/614 Vehicular use area: A hard surface area designed or used for off-street parking and/or an area used for loading, circulation, access, storage, including fire trucks, garbage trucks, or display of motor vehicles. Vine: A plant with a flexible stem which normally requires support to reach mature form. Xeriscape: A landscaping method that employs drought tolerant plants in an effort to conserve resources, especially water. 1.5 DEFINITIONS OF ART IN PUBLIC PLACES PROGRAM For the purposes on this Code, the following words and phrases shall have the following meanings: Art: Tangible creations by Artists which include all forms of the visual Arts conceived in any medium material, or combination thereof, including, but not limited to, paintings; sculptures; engravings; carvings; frescos; stained glass; mosaics; mobiles; tapestries; murals; photographs; video projections; digital images; bas- relief; high relief; fountains; kinetics; collages; drawings; monuments erected to commemorate a person or an event; functional furnishings, such as Artist designed seating and pavers; Artist designed architectural elements; and Artist designed landforms or landscape elements. The following shall not be considered as Art for the intents and purposes of this Code: Reproductions or unlimited copies of original pieces of Art; Directional elements such as Signage; Objects which are

Arts conceived in any medium material, or combination thereof, including, but not limited to, paintings; sculptures; engravings; carvings; frescos; stained glass; mosaics; mobiles; tapestries; murals; photographs; video projections; digital images; bas- relief; high relief; fountains; kinetics; collages; drawings; monuments erected to commemorate a person or an event; functional furnishings, such as Artist designed seating and pavers; Artist designed architectural elements; and Artist designed landforms or landscape elements. The following shall not be considered as Art for the intents and purposes of this Code: Reproductions or unlimited copies of original pieces of Art; Directional elements such as Signage; Objects which are mass-produced; or Works that are decorative, ornamental, or functional elements of the architecture or landscape design, except when commissioned from an Artist as an integral design aspect of a Structure or site. Art in Public Places Board (“AIPPB”): The entity appointed by the City Commission to aid in the administration of the Public Art Program. The AIPPB shall have the power to make decisions regarding dedications, donations, and acquisitions of Art to fulfill the requirements as prescribed in Article 11 of this Code and Chapter 62 of the City Code. Reference to approval by the AIPPB of this Code shall mean approval at a duly noticed public meeting. Artist: A practitioner exhibiting the highest quality of skill and aesthetic principles in the visual Arts, generally recognized by critics and peers as a professional of serious intent and ability. Indications of a person’s status as an Artist include, but are not limited to, income realized through the sole commission of Art, frequent or consistent Art exhibitions, placement of Art in public institutions or museums, receipt of honors, and awards or training in the Arts. Construction Cost: The total value of the construction of, or reconstruction work on, Structures as determined by the City’s Building Official in issuance of a Building permit for construction, reconstruction, or remodeling. Costs such as that of land acquisition, architectural design, consultants, and engineering fees are not Construction Costs. Developer: The property owner, including the property owner’s successors and assigns, of the subject development project. Durable: Lasting, enduring and highly resistant to deterioration due to weather or the passage of time. Government Development Project: Any Development initiated by a government agency, as defined in Article 1 of this Code and Section 2-11.15 of the Miami- Dade County Code, as amended, including remodeling, construction, or redevelopment, which requires a Building permit or permits as described on the precise plan submitted for approval to the City. For purposes of this Article, Government Development Projects shall also include: Private Sector Capital Development on land own by the government or on private land with the Structure owned by the government. Development projects done through agreements with a private entity, including but not limited to leases or development agreements (i.e. the government contracts with another party to develop a Structure that the government will own now or in the future). All development projects funded or partially funded by General Obligation Bond (“GOB”)

a Building permit or permits as described on the precise plan submitted for approval to the City. For purposes of this Article, Government Development Projects shall also include: Private Sector Capital Development on land own by the government or on private land with the Structure owned by the government. Development projects done through agreements with a private entity, including but not limited to leases or development agreements (i.e. the government contracts with another party to develop a Structure that the government will own now or in the future). All development projects funded or partially funded by General Obligation Bond (“GOB”) dollars. Historic Resource: A property or resource that has been designated historic pursuant to Chapter 23 of the City Code or is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. Life Cycle: The natural deterioration time period for a piece of Art. Art created under this Section is meant to be Durable and shall have a Life Cycle of at least twenty-five (25) years when properly designed or created by the Artist and maintained, conserved, and repaired. Art reaches the end of its Life Cycle when the Artist, Artist’s estate, or a qualified Art conservator verifies that the Art has deteriorated such that the Art cannot reasonably be maintained, conserved, or repaired. Project Cost: The total of specialty consulting fees; Construction Cost, including all systems and features that make the facility functional; site work; and contingency allowances and allowance accounts (e.g. permitting, surveying, inspections) for the Government Development Project. Project Cost shall not include the cost of land acquisition or subsequent cost changes to the construction or architectural contract(s) for the Government Development Project, 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 28/614 including phased projects and all elements of an approved Government Development Agreement. The total Project Cost shall be calculated as of the date the contract for the construction is executed. The Developer shall provide Project Cost information and in the absence of such information or if a dispute arises regarding the submission of such information, the Project Cost shall be based upon the value of the Structure as computed using the latest Structure valuation data as set forth by the International Conference of Building Officials (“ICBO”) together with estimated design services fees. Public Art Fee: See Sections 11.4(b) and 11.6(a). Public Art Fund (“Fund”): A separate, interest bearing account set up by the City with the sole purpose of receiving monies designated for the Public Art Program or to fulfill the requirements set forth in Article 11 of this Code and Chapter 62 of the City Code. Public Art Master Plan: A plan adopted by the City Commission, pursuant to a recommendation by the AIPPB, which shall identify Public Place locations for Art and establish a priority order to the City Commission, and which shall be amended, as needed, to ensure that the Public Art Master Plan and the Public Art Program as a whole remain coherent and consistent with the intents and purposes for which Article 11 of the

monies designated for the Public Art Program or to fulfill the requirements set forth in Article 11 of this Code and Chapter 62 of the City Code. Public Art Master Plan: A plan adopted by the City Commission, pursuant to a recommendation by the AIPPB, which shall identify Public Place locations for Art and establish a priority order to the City Commission, and which shall be amended, as needed, to ensure that the Public Art Master Plan and the Public Art Program as a whole remain coherent and consistent with the intents and purposes for which Article 11 of the Code was adopted. Public Art Program Guidelines: A set of standards, criteria, policies, and procedures related to the submission, donation, dedication, consideration, and acceptance of Art, which shall be adopted by the City Commission, and amended as necessary, to ensure that the Public Art Program Guidelines and the Public Art Program as a whole remain coherent and consistent with the intent and purposes for which Article 11 of this Code was adopted. Public Place: Any exterior area on Public property, and shall also mean any private property within the City limits, which is easily accessible or clearly visible to the general public from adjacent Public property including, but not limited to, a street, Public Thoroughfare ,Sidewalk, cross Block vehicular or pedestrian Passage, or Pedestrian Paseo. Remodeling: Any change to the facade of a Structure, any change to the interior of a Structure, any increase or decrease in the Floor Area of a Structure, or any change to exterior improvements.

ARTICLE 2 . GENERAL PROVISIONS Amendments to Article 2 2.A MIAMI 21 ATLAS The Official Miami 21 Atlas is maintained in the Office of the City Clerk. Amendments to Article 2 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13235 11-18-2010 Minor and non-substantial modifications throughout the Code 10-00956zt 13114 04-12-2022 Clarifying that the miami 21 code provides a higher standard of zoning for those properties located in the miami-dade county Rapid Transit System Development Zone and providing that all such properties shall remain subject to all of the provisions of thhe Miami 21 Code 9385 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 29/614 2.1 PURPOSE AND INTENT 2.1.1 Title and Purpose a. This Code shall be known as the Miami 21 Code of the City of Miami, Florida. This Code is declared to be in accord with the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, as required by the Local Government Comprehensive Planning and Land Development Regulation Act, Section 163.3161 et seq., Florida Statutes (the “Comprehensive Plan”). A primary purpose of this Code is to implement the Comprehensive Plan. b. It is further the purpose of the Miami 21 Code to promote the public health, safety, morals, convenience, comfort, amenities, prosperity, and general welfare of the City and to provide a wholesome, serviceable, and attractive community, including without limitation protection of the environment; conservation of land, energy and natural resources; improved mobility; more efficient use of public funds; greater health benefits of a pedestrian environment; historic preservation; provision of recreational and open spaces; reduction of sprawl; and improvement of the built environment and human habitat. c. To further the goals and objectives of the Comprehensive Plan and the purpose of this Code, the City is divided into Transect Zones (“T-Zones”) of such number, characteristics, area, common unity of purpose, adaptability, or use as will accomplish the goals and objectives of the Comprehensive Plan and this Code. 2.1.2 Intent The Miami 21 Code is intended to advance the interests of both conservation and development while responding to the existing conditions of the City, its regional context, and its natural features, infrastructure and Buildings. a. The conservation goals include: 1. Preserving Neighborhoods, Historical Resources and the natural environment 2. Improving the relationship between low Density Residential neighborhoods and adjacent Commercial Corridors with appropriate transitions of Density and Height following the theory of the Transect 3. Increasing access to the natural environment through the Baywalk, the Riverwalk, the north-south Greenway, and new Parks 4. Conserving energy and reducing carbon dioxide emissions through improved Thoroughfare connectedness to encourage walkability, bicycling and transit use 5. Increasing tree canopy 6. Encouraging green Buildings b. The development goals include: 1. Maintaining the future growth capacity of the City core to ensure its preeminence as the transit-oriented, pedestrian-friendly focus for the region’s economic, civic and cultural activities 2. Rebuilding the City’s commercial Corridors to function as Mixed-Use, transit-oriented, walkable centers for adjacent Residential Neighborhoods 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 30/614 3. Ensuring that private Development contributes to increased infrastructure capacity, and through building embellishes

Greenway, and new Parks 4. Conserving energy and reducing carbon dioxide emissions through improved Thoroughfare connectedness to encourage walkability, bicycling and transit use 5. Increasing tree canopy 6. Encouraging green Buildings b. The development goals include: 1. Maintaining the future growth capacity of the City core to ensure its preeminence as the transit-oriented, pedestrian-friendly focus for the region’s economic, civic and cultural activities 2. Rebuilding the City’s commercial Corridors to function as Mixed-Use, transit-oriented, walkable centers for adjacent Residential Neighborhoods 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 30/614 3. Ensuring that private Development contributes to increased infrastructure capacity, and through building embellishes a pedestrian-friendly public realm of highest ambient quality 4. Establishing a rational process for successional growth in areas identified for density and growth 2.1.3 Transect Principles The Miami 21 Code is intended to encourage the evolution of a settlement pattern based on the organizational principles of the Transect. The Transect is defined as a geographical cross-section that reveals a sequence of environments. Applied to the human or the built environment, the Transect is used to identify and organize a continuum of the physical environment ranging from the least to the most urban. Transect planning creates coordinated, integrated and harmonious environments, based on the arrangement of all the components to support locational character. Within the range of urban contexts, each different type of location, called a Transect Zone, has development Function, Intensity and Disposition appropriate to the location, and integrates the details of the corresponding public realm. To ensure this integration, the Miami 21 Code controls development on Lots as well as establishes guidelines for the detailing of public right-of-way. For example, narrow streets with open swales find their place in neighborhoods of suburban character, while wide streets with tree lined sidewalks accompany Commercial Development in more intense urban areas. The Transect encourages the making of places that build on historic character and that evolve over time. This evolution, with the principles enumerated below guiding growth or reduction in Density and Intensity, is called succession. Successional change emerges from a vision of the larger urban context and appropriate transitions across Transect Zones. The City of Miami’s urban context is comprised of a series of Neighborhoods, Corridors, urban centers, and Districts, each with its own arrangement of Transect Zones. In all cases the goal of transit-oriented, pedestrian-friendly, Mixed-Use urbanism shall guide the arrangement of Transect Zones, Thoroughfares, Buildings and landscape. The specific design of each component should be appropriate to its Transect Zone, as provided in this Code. Transect Zones are sequential in Intensity: successional zoning changes shall only be permitted sequentially and respecting transitions across Abutting Transect Zones as provided in Article 7. Transect Zones manifest a range of responses to natural and urban conditions. As described in Article 5, Transect Zones T1, T2 and T3, the least urban, emphasize the presence of the natural environments. Transect Zones T4, T5 and T6, D1, D2 and D3 prioritize the built environment. Specific to Natural (T1), Rural (T2) and Sub-Urban (T3) Zones, impermeable

design of each component should be appropriate to its Transect Zone, as provided in this Code. Transect Zones are sequential in Intensity: successional zoning changes shall only be permitted sequentially and respecting transitions across Abutting Transect Zones as provided in Article 7. Transect Zones manifest a range of responses to natural and urban conditions. As described in Article 5, Transect Zones T1, T2 and T3, the least urban, emphasize the presence of the natural environments. Transect Zones T4, T5 and T6, D1, D2 and D3 prioritize the built environment. Specific to Natural (T1), Rural (T2) and Sub-Urban (T3) Zones, impermeable surface shall be minimized and confined to the ratio of Lot Coverage by Building specified in Article 5. To the extent not inconsistent with applicable state or federal law, storm water management on Thoroughfares may be accomplished through retention and percolation, channeled by curbside swales, or through underground storm drainage channeled by raised curbs. Specific to General Urban (T4), Urban Center (T5) and Urban Core (T6) Zones, to the extent not inconsistent with applicable state or federal law, the continuity of the urbanized areas should transition to take precedence over the natural environment, except Parks, recreation and natural features. Storm water management on Thoroughfares and Lots shall be implemented primarily through underground storm drainage channeled by raised curbs, and there shall be no retention or detention required on the individual Lots. Impermeable surface shall be confined to the ratio of Lot Coverage by Building specified in Article 5. 2.1.3.1 The City - Guiding Principles a. The City should retain its natural infrastructure and visual character derived from its location and climate, including topography, landscape and coastline. b. Growth strategies should encourage Infill and redevelopment. c. New Development should be structured to reinforce a pattern of Neighborhoods and urban centers, focusing growth at transit nodes rather than along Corridors. d. Transportation Corridors should be planned and reserved in coordination with land Use. e. Green Corridors should be encouraged and developed to enhance and connect the urbanized areas. f. The City should include a framework of transit, pedestrian, and bicycle systems that provide alternatives to automobile use. g. A diversity of land use should be distributed throughout the City to enable a variety of economic activity, workplace, residence, recreation and civic activity. h. Affordable and Workforce Housing should be distributed throughout the City to match job opportunities and to avoid concentrations of poverty. i. The City should expand and enhance transit opportunities and connections throughout the City. 2.1.3.2 The Community - Guiding Principles a. Neighborhoods and urban centers should be the preferred pattern of Development and Transect Zones emphasizing single use should be the exception. b. Neighborhoods and Urban centers should be compact, pedestrian-oriented and Mixed-Use. Density and Intensity of Use should relate to degree of transit service. c. The ordinary activities of daily living should occur within walking distance of most dwellings, allowing independence to those who do not drive. d. Interconnected networks of Thoroughfares should be designed to disperse and

poverty. i. The City should expand and enhance transit opportunities and connections throughout the City. 2.1.3.2 The Community - Guiding Principles a. Neighborhoods and urban centers should be the preferred pattern of Development and Transect Zones emphasizing single use should be the exception. b. Neighborhoods and Urban centers should be compact, pedestrian-oriented and Mixed-Use. Density and Intensity of Use should relate to degree of transit service. c. The ordinary activities of daily living should occur within walking distance of most dwellings, allowing independence to those who do not drive. d. Interconnected networks of Thoroughfares should be designed to disperse and reduce the length of automobile trips and to encourage walking and bicycling. e. A range of Open Space, including Parks, Squares and Playgrounds, should be distributed within Neighborhoods and urban centers. f. Appropriate building Densities and land uses should occur within walking distance of transit stops. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 31/614 g. Civic, Institutional and Commercial activity should be embedded in Mixed-Use urban centers, not isolated in remote single-use complexes. h. Schools should be located to enable children to walk or bicycle safely to school. New schools should not be located on primary Thoroughfares. i. Within Neighborhoods, a range of housing types and price levels should accommodate diverse ages and incomes. 2.1.3.3 The Block and the Building - Guiding Principles a. Buildings and landscaping should contribute to the physical definition of Thoroughfares as civic places. b. Development should adequately accommodate vehicles while respecting the pedestrian and the spatial form of public space. c. The design of Thoroughfares and Buildings should reinforce safe environments, but not at the expense of accessibility. Designs should incorporate principles of Crime Prevention Through Environmental Design (CPTED). d. Architecture and landscape design should grow from local climate, topography, history, and building practice. e. Buildings should allow their inhabitants to experience the geography and climate through energy efficient design. f. Civic Buildings and public gathering places should be located to reinforce community identity and support self-government. g. Civic Buildings should be distinctive and appropriate to a role more important than the other Buildings that constitute the fabric of the City. h. Preservation and renewal of historic resources should be facilitated to affirm the continuity of the community. i. Harmonious and orderly change and Development of urban areas should be enabled through a form-based zoning code that guides and regulates change. 2.2 APPLICABILITY 2.2.1 Generally 2.2.1.1 This Code replaces the Zoning Ordinance for the City of Miami, also known as Ordinance 11000 except that Section 627, “SD-27 Midtown Special District” is hereby retained and incorporated as Appendix C hereto and all provisions of Ordinance 11000 referred to in Section 627 shall be applied to Midtown Special District, providing however that within the SD-27 Special District the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board and procedures related to appeals thereto set out by this Miami 21 Code shall replace the Zoning Board and procedures related to appeals thereto in Ordinance 11000. Furthermore, Section 616.3, “Miami WorldCenter” is hereby retained and

Code replaces the Zoning Ordinance for the City of Miami, also known as Ordinance 11000 except that Section 627, “SD-27 Midtown Special District” is hereby retained and incorporated as Appendix C hereto and all provisions of Ordinance 11000 referred to in Section 627 shall be applied to Midtown Special District, providing however that within the SD-27 Special District the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board and procedures related to appeals thereto set out by this Miami 21 Code shall replace the Zoning Board and procedures related to appeals thereto in Ordinance 11000. Furthermore, Section 616.3, “Miami WorldCenter” is hereby retained and incorporated as Appendix D hereto and all provisions of Ordinance 11000 referred to in Section 616.3 shall be applied to Miami WorldCenter, providing however that within the Miami WorldCenter the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board and procedures related to appeals thereto set out by this Miami 21 Code shall replace the Zoning Board and procedures related to appeals thereto in Ordinance 11000. 2.2.1.2 Miami 21 Atlas a. The Miami 21 Atlas is the official Zoning Atlas for the City of Miami. The boundaries of all Transect Zones and the Transect designation are shown on the series of map sheets that compose the Miami 21 Atlas. The Miami 21 Atlas may be supplemented by additional layers or separate maps to the Atlas sheets, where the scale generally applicable to the Atlas sheets does not adequately show the details of boundaries or designations necessary to the particular area. b. The Miami 21 Atlas, together with all adopted explanatory and supplemental material shown therein, is hereby adopted by reference and shall be part of this Code. The Official Zoning Atlas as adopted by Ordinance 11000 for the same area is hereby repealed. c. The Miami 21 Atlas, and any amendments thereto, shall be maintained in the office of the City Clerk, and a certified copy of the Miami 21 Atlas shall be maintained at the Planning Department. Each Atlas sheet or supplemental element thereto shall be authenticated by the signature of the Mayor of the City, attested by the signature of the City Clerk of the City, and shall bear the seal of the City. d. Any proposed amendment to the Miami 21 Atlas shall be identified by reference to the Atlas sheet or supplement involved, in addition to a legal description of the property or such other information as is required to make specific the application of the amendment. Any unauthorized changes to the Miami 21 Atlas shall be considered a violation of this Code and punishable as provided by law. 2.2.1.3 This Code affects all lands, water, Structures, Uses, and occupancies within the area of the City of Miami shown on the Miami 21 Atlas. No Building, Structure, land or water shall be used or occupied, no land shall be subdivided and no Building, Structure, land or part thereof shall be developed except in conformity 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 32/614 with the Transect regulations in which it is located and

make specific the application of the amendment. Any unauthorized changes to the Miami 21 Atlas shall be considered a violation of this Code and punishable as provided by law. 2.2.1.3 This Code affects all lands, water, Structures, Uses, and occupancies within the area of the City of Miami shown on the Miami 21 Atlas. No Building, Structure, land or water shall be used or occupied, no land shall be subdivided and no Building, Structure, land or part thereof shall be developed except in conformity 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 32/614 with the Transect regulations in which it is located and with all applicable regulations in this Miami 21 Code, including lands that are included in the MiamiDade County Rapid Transit Zone. 2.2.2 Conflicts Where the requirements of this Miami 21 Code vary with the applicable requirements of any law, statute, rule, regulation, ordinance, or code, the most restrictive or that imposing the higher standard shall govern. This Code does not abrogate or affect any Easements, covenants, deed restrictions, property owner association rules, or agreements between private parties. Where the regulations set out in this Code are more restrictive than such Easements, covenants, deed restrictions, homeowner association rules, or agreements between private parties, the restrictions of this Code shall govern. Properties located within the Miami-Dade County Rapid Transit System Development Zone or within a Rapid Transit Zone District, as set forth in Chapter 33C of the Miami-Dade County Code, as amended, shall remain subject to all of the provisions of the Miami 21 Code. 2.2.3 Pending Actions and Development Approvals The effective date of this Miami 21 Code shall not affect nor prevent the prosecution of any action pending at the time of the effective date of this Code, which action is to enforce Ordinance 11000, or the conditions of any development order adopted under Ordinance 11000. The conditions of a development approval under Ordinance 11000 shall continue in full force and effect unless a new approval is obtained, at which time the development shall come into conformance with these regulations if required under Article 7, Section 7.2 “Nonconformities” of this Code. 2.2.4 Rules of Construction 2.2.4.1 In their interpretation and application, the provisions of this Miami 21 Code shall be the minimum requirements or maximum limitations, as the case may be, adopted for the promotion of the public health, safety, morals or general welfare. 2.2.4.2 The following general rules of construction shall apply to the text of this Code: a. Headings. Section and subsection headings shall not be deemed to govern, limit, modify, or in any manner affect the scope, meaning, or intent of any provision of the Miami 21 Code. b. Illustrations. In case of any difference of meaning or implication between the text of any provision and any illustration, the text shall control, unless the intent of the Code is clearly otherwise. c. Terminology: Shall, may and should. “Shall” is always mandatory and not permissive. “May” is permissive. “Should” is advisory and identifies guidance provided by the City

construction shall apply to the text of this Code: a. Headings. Section and subsection headings shall not be deemed to govern, limit, modify, or in any manner affect the scope, meaning, or intent of any provision of the Miami 21 Code. b. Illustrations. In case of any difference of meaning or implication between the text of any provision and any illustration, the text shall control, unless the intent of the Code is clearly otherwise. c. Terminology: Shall, may and should. “Shall” is always mandatory and not permissive. “May” is permissive. “Should” is advisory and identifies guidance provided by the City Commission in the implementation of these regulations. d. Tenses and numbers. Words used in the present tense include the future, words used in the singular include the plural, and the plural includes the singular, unless the context clearly indicates the contrary. e. Conjunctions. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the following conjunctions shall be interpreted as follows: 1. “And” indicates that all connected items or provisions shall apply. 2. “Or” indicates that the connected items or provisions may apply singly or in any combination. 3. “Either/or” indicates that the connected items or provisions shall apply singly but not in combination. f. Gender. Use of the masculine gender includes the feminine gender and use of the feminine gender includes the masculine. g. Any act authorized by this Code to be carried out by a specific official or agency of the City is impliedly authorized to be carried out by a designee of that official or agency. h. Any reference to federal laws, Florida Statutes, Florida Administrative Code, Miami-Dade County Code, or any other official code shall be construed to be a reference to the most recent enactment of the particular law, and shall include any amendments to it as may be adopted from time to time. i. Capitalized terms in Articles 2 - 9 refer to Article 1 Definitions. 2.2.4.3 Calculations a. Rounding. Where cumulative requirements or limitations are to be computed for purposes of this Code, fractions shall be carried forward in the summation, and the total rounded to the nearest whole number, subject to existing minimum Lot sizes and maximum Densities or Intensities of development required by 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 33/614 the regulations of this Miami 21 Code. b. Time. The time within which an act is to be done shall be computed by excluding the first and including the last day, except that if the last day is a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, that day shall be excluded. 2.2.5 Zone Boundaries 2.2.5.1 Except as otherwise specifically provided, a Transect symbol or name shown within Transect boundaries in the Miami 21 Atlas indicates that regulations pertaining to the Transect Zone extend throughout the whole area surrounded by the boundary line. 2.2.5.2 Except as provided in Section 2.2.5.3, where a Transect Zone designation is not indicated for an area in the Miami 21 Atlas, the area shall be construed to be zoned as for the most restrictive

and including the last day, except that if the last day is a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, that day shall be excluded. 2.2.5 Zone Boundaries 2.2.5.1 Except as otherwise specifically provided, a Transect symbol or name shown within Transect boundaries in the Miami 21 Atlas indicates that regulations pertaining to the Transect Zone extend throughout the whole area surrounded by the boundary line. 2.2.5.2 Except as provided in Section 2.2.5.3, where a Transect Zone designation is not indicated for an area in the Miami 21 Atlas, the area shall be construed to be zoned as for the most restrictive Abutting Zone, until corrective action shall be taken by the City Commission. 2.2.5.3 Where uncertainty exists as to the location of the boundary of a Transect Zone, or other areas delineated for regulatory purposes in the Miami 21 Atlas, the following rules shall apply: a. Boundaries indicated as approximately following the centerlines of streets, alleys, rights-of-way, or Easements shall be construed as following such centerlines as they exist on the ground. b. Boundaries indicated as approximately following boundaries of Thoroughfares, public or private Property Lines, Rights-Of-Way, or Easements shall be construed as following such boundaries. Provided, however, that where such boundaries are so located with relation to other opposing boundaries as to leave such areas without apparent zoning designation, such boundaries shall be construed as running to the centerlines of the areas remaining. c. Boundaries indicated as approximately following mean high water lines or centerlines of streams, canals, lakes, bays, or other bodies of water shall be construed as following such mean high water lines or centerlines. In the case of a change in mean high water line, the boundary shall be construed as moving with the change. d. Where variation of the actual location from the mapped location would change the zoning status of a Lot or parcel, the boundary shall be interpreted so as to avoid the change. e. In the event of vacation, the boundary shall be construed as remaining in its location, except where ownership of the vacated property is divided other than at the center, in which case the boundary shall be construed as moving with the ownership. 2.2.5.4 Boundaries indicated as approximately following City limits shall be construed as following such City limits. Where property previously within the City is removed from its limits, the zoning boundaries involved shall be construed as moving to conform to the change in City limits. Where property previously located outside the City is annexed, zoning boundaries shall not be construed as moving with City limits. In such cases, the City may receive and process permit applications for the property, but no permit shall be issued until the City Commission shall have rezoned the property to establish its zoning status and the permit is found to be in accord with the zoning. 2.2.5.5 Boundaries indicated as entering any body of water, but not continuing to intersection with other Transect boundaries or with the City limits, shall be construed as

conform to the change in City limits. Where property previously located outside the City is annexed, zoning boundaries shall not be construed as moving with City limits. In such cases, the City may receive and process permit applications for the property, but no permit shall be issued until the City Commission shall have rezoned the property to establish its zoning status and the permit is found to be in accord with the zoning. 2.2.5.5 Boundaries indicated as entering any body of water, but not continuing to intersection with other Transect boundaries or with the City limits, shall be construed as extending in the direction in which they enter the body of water to intersection with other zoning boundaries or with the City limits. 2.2.5.6 Boundaries indicated as approximately parallel to or extensions of mean high water lines or centerlines of bodies of water shall be construed as being parallel to or extensions of such features. 2.2.5.7 Where distances are not specifically indicated on any map in the Miami 21 Atlas, they shall be determined by reference to the scale of the map. 2.2.5.8 Where boundaries occur within a parcel of land comprising more than one Lot, the Lots shall be developed separately according to the assigned Transect Zone. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 34/614

ARTICLE 3 . GENERAL TO ZONES Amendments to Article 3 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIV ID 13166 04-22-2010 Measurement of Height (T6-36 and above) 10-00291zt-b 13173 05-13-2010 D1 height and mezzanine 10-00374zt 13177 05-13-2010 “Green” ordinances carried into Miami 21 10-00519 13235 11-18-2010 Minor and non-substantial modifications throughout the Code 10-00956zt 13265 05-12-2011 Incentives for construction of Affordable Housing 11-00022zt 13271 05-26-2011 Modified bond requirements and necessary LEED documentation. 11-00195zt 13314 02-23-2012 Added “Structures other than signs” to dominant setback waivers. 11-0079zt 13359 01-10-2013 Accessory Parking 12-00942zt 13358 01-10-2013 Added watercraft stationing regulations 11-00806zt 13354 01-10-2013 Tigertail Setback Area 12-01180zt 13373 03-28-2013 Affordable Housing Setbacks above the 8th Floor by Waiver 13-00002zt 13436 02-27-2014 Affordable Housing Amendment 13-01348zt 13452 04-24-2014 Park Improvements Amendment 13-01088zt 13465 05-22-2014 Affordable Housing Amendment 14-00109zt 13494 01-22-2015 Amended Article 3 to allow substitution of “and” for “or”. 14-01074zt 13507 03-12-2015 Modification of Public Benefits Program language to include T6-24b 14-01198zt 13114 09-24-2015 Added definition of Extensive Green Roof, Intensive Green Roof, Legacy Structure, Paseo, and Neighborhood Revitalization District (NRD). Updated definitions of Open Space, Pedestrian Passage, and Roof Terrace. 15-00678zt 13114 07-13-2015 Modification of Article 3.12 to include 3.12.3 Neighborhood Revitalization District (NRD) 15-00678zt1 13596 02-25-2016 Article 3 Section 3.3.6(g) 1 an existing Established Setback Area to include an established Side Setback for the entire Height of a building. 15-01496zt 13636 09-22-2016 Density transfer across transect boundaries. 16-00659zt 13665 10-27-2016 Attainable Mixed Income Housing definition and supplemental regulations. 1177 13656 01-12-2017 Art in Public Places definitions, requirements and administration. 1222 13672 03-23-2017 Attainable Workforce Housing definition and supplemental regulations. 1677 13787 09-13-2018 Transfer of Development Density 13804 01-24- 2019 Waterfront setbacks 13831 03-22- 2019 Freeboard 13817 12-13- 2019 T6-24B 13932 10-08-2020 Distinguishes abutting conditions and incorporates additional bonus 13937 10/22/2020 Modifies the area median income for Workforce Housing 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 35/614 3.1 TRANSECT ZONES 3.1.1 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIV ID 13943 11-19-2020 Requiers that 20% of new parking spaces constructed meet the EV Capable standards 13944 11-19-2020 Solar Equipment 13961 12-10-2020 Streetscape Enhancements Throughout The City of Miami 13962 01-28- 2021 Modifies regulations for density and uses for the district zone regarding lodging uses 14027 09-23-2021 Amend the definition of the term “abutting” as it relates to Special Area Plans 9382 14034 11-08-2021 Provides for off-site loading within an established downtown Flagler parking district area by process of waiver in certain T6 transect zones 14041 12-09-2021 To grant flexibility regarding waterfront building setback requirements in conjunction with recent amendments to Appendix B, titled "Waterfront Design Guidelines". 10773 14052 2-10-2022 To modify the definitions of attainable mixed-income housing and workforce housing, to add new incentives including a floor lot ratio bonus and new minimum unit sizes, and to permit affordable and attainable mixed-income developments abutting a T3. 14055 03-30-2022 Amends the definition of the term “parking, tandem” and creates regulations for T5 and T6 lots with a qualified development. 14083 07-28-2022 To establish an affordable housing transfer of development density program. 12009

T6 transect zones 14041 12-09-2021 To grant flexibility regarding waterfront building setback requirements in conjunction with recent amendments to Appendix B, titled "Waterfront Design Guidelines". 10773 14052 2-10-2022 To modify the definitions of attainable mixed-income housing and workforce housing, to add new incentives including a floor lot ratio bonus and new minimum unit sizes, and to permit affordable and attainable mixed-income developments abutting a T3. 14055 03-30-2022 Amends the definition of the term “parking, tandem” and creates regulations for T5 and T6 lots with a qualified development. 14083 07-28-2022 To establish an affordable housing transfer of development density program. 12009 14084 07-28-2022 As it relates to Ground Floor Height Allowances, in order To correct inconsistencies and permit additional flexibility In The design of buildings. 12007 14134 01-12-2023 To modify Article 3, Section 3.5.2 12603 14183 06-08-2023 To allow and establish definitions and regulations for Co-Living Residential Uses. 13541 14211 09-28-2023 Amends Article 3 and 5 clarifying density standards in certain transit locations, and allowing bonus building height and modifications to the development standards in specified areas within the T5 urban center. 14113 14226 10-26-2023 Amends maximum lot area for developments within the Southeast Overtown Park West Community Redevelopment Agency 14558 14228 10-26-2023 Incorporates additional height allowances and freeboard in the floodplain. 14631 14235 11-16-2023 Add new definition (Article 1); clarify the Waiver processes relating to elderly housing (Article 3); clarify Waiver processes relating to substitution of loading berths (Article 4); clarify the Waiver processes relating to service and parking access from a Principal Frontage (Article 5); clarify the Waiver processes relating to reservoir parking spaces (Article 6); clarify the Waiver processes relating to nonconforming properties and update the Waivers summary list (Article 7). 14196 14241 11/29/2023 Modifies the Brickell Financial setback area's Established Setback standards and add a new Downtown East Flagler setback area. 14680 14242 11-27-2023 Clarifies application of Intermediate Level. 14889 14250 01-11-2024 Clarifies and amend the waiver processes. 14192 14262 03-14-2024 To allow bonus building height in certain Opportunity Zones within T5 15047 14288 05-23-2024 Elderly Housing Density Bonus 15942 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 36/614 The Miami 21 Code Transect Zones are described in Article 4, Table 1 and include the standards summarized in Article 4, Table 2 and further described in Article 5. They range in Function and Density from low-Density, primarily residential areas to high Density Mixed-Use areas, across the Transect, with zones identified as T1, T2, T3, T4, T5, T6, CS, CI, CI-HD, D1, D2 and D3 and all R, L, O and T6 subcategories. 3.2 PHASING All development shall conform to this Code regardless of phasing. Each phase of a development project shall conform to this Code in its entirety. 3.3 LOTS AND FRONTAGES 3.3.1 Lots assembled into one (1) ownership within one (1) Transect Zone may be developed as a single Lot. Lots assembled into one (1) ownership that encompass more than one (1) Transect Zone shall be developed according to the corresponding Transect regulation for each Lot, except as described

as T1, T2, T3, T4, T5, T6, CS, CI, CI-HD, D1, D2 and D3 and all R, L, O and T6 subcategories. 3.2 PHASING All development shall conform to this Code regardless of phasing. Each phase of a development project shall conform to this Code in its entirety. 3.3 LOTS AND FRONTAGES 3.3.1 Lots assembled into one (1) ownership within one (1) Transect Zone may be developed as a single Lot. Lots assembled into one (1) ownership that encompass more than one (1) Transect Zone shall be developed according to the corresponding Transect regulation for each Lot, except as described in Section 3.6.1(e). In such cases, there shall be no transfer of Density or Intensity of Development Capacity between Transect Zones, except if the Lots are assigned equal Densities, Density may be transferred across the Transect boundary. Lots under the same or different ownership that are participating in the Historic Preservation Transfer of Development Density program established in Chapter 23 of the City Code may transfer Density from historically designated properties or certain non-contributing resources to TOD areas, subject to compliance with all applicable regulations. Where Lots are assembled into one (1) ownership, the side or rear Setbacks sharing the Property Line may be eliminated. Lot assembly shall require a Unity-of-Title acceptable to the City Attorney. Contiguous Lots in one (1) ownership, as of the ef­fective date of this Code, may be developed as one (1) Lot in excess of the maximum Lot size. In addition, for development within the Southeast Overtown Park West Community Redevelopment Agency (SEOPW CRA) area, contiguous Lots under common ownership or assembled via a covenant in lieu of Unity of Title for one (1) or more Buildings may exceed maximum Lot Area (Lot Size) for Uses that serve the neighborhood and upon determination of compliance with neighborhood compatibility performance criteria set forth below: 3.3.2 In Transect Zones T5, T6, CI, CS, D1, D2, and D3, buildable sites shall Enfront a vehicular Thoroughfare or a Pedestrian Passage, with at least one Principal Frontage. 3.3.3 Lots facing Thoroughfares on more than one (1) side shall have designated Principal Frontage(s) and may have Secondary Frontage(s). Unless otherwise designated by a Special Area Plan, a Principal Frontage shall be that facing the Thoroughfare of higher pedestrian importance or intensity (i.e., traffic volume, number of lanes, etc.), as determined by the Planning Director upon request by the Zoning Administrator. a. If two Thoroughfares are of equal importance each Frontage shall be considered a Principal Frontage. Lots with two or more Frontages may consider other non-fronting Property Lines as sides. b. Lots shall have at least one (1) Principal Frontage, except Waterfront Lots shall have at least two (2) Principal Frontages, one of which shall be the Waterfront and shall conform to Waterfront Setback Standards. However, Lots which do not require a Waterfront walkway pursuant to Section 3.11 shall not consider the Waterfront as a Principal Frontage. For Waterfront Setbacks, see Section 3.11 and Appendix B - Waterfront Design Guidelines. c.

If two Thoroughfares are of equal importance each Frontage shall be considered a Principal Frontage. Lots with two or more Frontages may consider other non-fronting Property Lines as sides. b. Lots shall have at least one (1) Principal Frontage, except Waterfront Lots shall have at least two (2) Principal Frontages, one of which shall be the Waterfront and shall conform to Waterfront Setback Standards. However, Lots which do not require a Waterfront walkway pursuant to Section 3.11 shall not consider the Waterfront as a Principal Frontage. For Waterfront Setbacks, see Section 3.11 and Appendix B - Waterfront Design Guidelines. c. Where an existing lot of record is located adjacent to a Thoroughfare in a manner that creates an irregular Frontage such that the side or rear yards cannot be determined as with a regular Lot, the Zoning Administrator shall determine, by Waiver, the side and rear yards and Setbacks for the Lot with due regard to the orientation of Structures and buildable areas on the Lot and relationship to adjoining properties. Prior to submitting an application for a Waiver under this Code, the prospective applicant shall meet with the Zoning Administrator in a preapplication meeting to review guidelines for determining existing site conditions and allow the evaluation to adjust minimum dimensions for Setbacks of the Lot due to site constraints or hardships. 3.3.4 The development is located within the SEOPW CRA area of a) the Overtown Cultural and Entertainment District or b) the Overtown Culmer Community identified within the SEOPW CRA Redevelopment Plan; a. The development project accomplishes a minimum of one (1) Goal from each of the fourteen (14) Guiding Principles within the SEOPW CRA Redevelopment Plan; b. Building Facades on Primary and Secondary Frontages shall emphasize activated ground floor Habitable Space and incorporate façade treatments that are compatible with the neighborhood character and implement variations in façades through art, glass, or architectural treatments and materials of a design approved by the Planning Director with the recommendation of the UDRB; c. Provides for native species street trees within the verge with a DBH of 25% above the typical standards required by a Street Tree Master Plan and Chapter 17 of the City Code; d. When required, the Cross-Block Pedestrian Passage, shall be at least fifty percent (50%) open to the sky, which connects at least two (2) Thoroughfares, or which is aligned so as to connect with another Cross-Block Pedestrian Passage across a Thoroughfare to the subject property, and is publicly accessible 24- hours a day or reduced hours by process of Waiver; and e. Public benefit contribution provided pursuant to Section 3.14 of this Code within the SEOPW CRA shall be allocated to the Parks and Open Spaces Trust Fund for the I-395 Underdeck Open Space development.” f. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 37/614 For the purposes of this Code, Lots are divided into Layers which control Development on the Lot. 3.3.5 Adjustments to Setbacks to match the dominant Setback of the block and its Context for Structures

Pedestrian Passage across a Thoroughfare to the subject property, and is publicly accessible 24- hours a day or reduced hours by process of Waiver; and e. Public benefit contribution provided pursuant to Section 3.14 of this Code within the SEOPW CRA shall be allocated to the Parks and Open Spaces Trust Fund for the I-395 Underdeck Open Space development.” f. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 37/614 For the purposes of this Code, Lots are divided into Layers which control Development on the Lot. 3.3.5 Adjustments to Setbacks to match the dominant Setback of the block and its Context for Structures and Buildings shall be pursuant to Article 5, titled “Specific to Zones". 3.3.6 For new Buildings in Established Setbacks Areas, the Established Setback shall be maintained. (See also Article 4, Diagram 10) Galleries and Arcades may be permitted within the First Layer in Established Setback Areas and shall not encroach the Public Right-of-Way except by Special Area Plan. Where a Gallery or Arcade is permitted, the Established Setback shall only be maintained if a Gallery or Arcade is provided. Where a Gallery or Arcade is not provided, the setback for the underlying Transect Zone shall be maintained. Established Setback Areas include: Brickell Financial A. Boundary: All properties on Brickell Avenue between SE 15th Road and the Miami River. 1. Brickell Avenue Setback: Thirty (30’) feet; Side and Rear: Fifteen (15’) feet; i. Brickell Avenue Front Setback Encroachments: For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk ten (10) feet or greater, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation and landscaping may encroach up to twenty-five (25') feet for that portion of the site where the adjacent Sidewalk is ten (10) feet or greater. Encroachments shall incorporate the following design elements: ii. provide moderate grading transition when a grade change is required; a) integrate and harmonize with the design of the adjacent Building Façade, Civic Space Type or Landscape Plan; b) provide enhanced streetscape quality, hardscape design, landscape elements, furnishing elements, and lighting; and c) comply with Article 4 Table 12: Design Review Criteria. d) Boundary: All properties bounded by SE 1st Avenue to the west, SE 8th Street to the north, Biscayne Bay to the east and SE 15th Road to the south. Interior Side and Rear Setback: fifteen (15’) feet 2. Biscayne Boulevard B. Boundary: All properties along the west side of Biscayne Boulevard from NE 7th Street to NE 12th Street and both sides of Biscayne Boulevard from NE 12th Street to NE 17th Street. Setback Adjacent to Biscayne Boulevard: Fifteen (15’) feet 1. Boundary: Biscayne Boulevard from NE 17th Street to Interstate 195. Setback Adjacent to Biscayne Boulevard: Zero (0’) feet with Gallery 2. Design District C. Boundary: All properties bounded on the east by Biscayne Boulevard; on the south by NE 36th Street; on the west by North Miami Avenue; and on the north by NE 40th Street. Frontage Setback: Zero (0’) feet 1. 27th Avenue Coconut Grove D. Boundary: The west side of 27th Avenue from

12th Street and both sides of Biscayne Boulevard from NE 12th Street to NE 17th Street. Setback Adjacent to Biscayne Boulevard: Fifteen (15’) feet 1. Boundary: Biscayne Boulevard from NE 17th Street to Interstate 195. Setback Adjacent to Biscayne Boulevard: Zero (0’) feet with Gallery 2. Design District C. Boundary: All properties bounded on the east by Biscayne Boulevard; on the south by NE 36th Street; on the west by North Miami Avenue; and on the north by NE 40th Street. Frontage Setback: Zero (0’) feet 1. 27th Avenue Coconut Grove D. Boundary: The west side of 27th Avenue from SW 28th Terrace to South Dixie Highway. 27th Avenue Frontage Setback: Twenty-five (25’) feet 1. Boundary: The north side of SW 28th Terrace between South Dixie Highway and SW 27th Avenue. SW 28th Terrace Frontage Setback: Fifteen (15’) feet 2. Boundary: Bird Avenue between Mary Street and Aviation Avenue; Lincoln Avenue between SW 27th Avenue and Darwin Street; the north Side of Abaco Avenue from SW 27th Avenue to Washington Street; the south Side of Aviation Avenue from SW 27th Avenue to Swanson Avenue. Frontage Setback on all streets except SW 27th Avenue: Fifteen (15’) feet 3. 9th Street Promenade E. Boundary: All properties Adjacent to NW 9th Street between NW 2nd Avenue and North Miami Avenue. NW 9th Street Frontage Setback: Twenty-five (25’) feet 1. Tigertail Avenue F. Boundary: All properties along the southeast side of Tigertail Avenue between Darwin Street and Aviation Avenue. Tigertail Avenue Setback: One hundred feet (100’) except, Residential Uses (as ancillary Use), may be developed in accordance with Setback provisions of the underlying Transect Zone. Parking structures lined by Residential Uses must be setback a minimum of fifty (50’) feet from Tigertail 1. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 38/614 3.4 DENSITY AND INTENSITY CALCULATIONS 3.4.1 Lot Area, inclusive of any dedications, is used for purposes of Density and Intensity calculation. 3.4.2 Density shall be calculated in terms of units as specified by Article 4, Tables 3 and 4. The referenced tables provide the maximum allowable Densities. Intensity shall be calculated in terms of Floor Lot Ratio. The buildable Density or Intensity on any particular site will be affected by other regulations in this Code and thus the stated maximums of this Miami 21 Code may exceed the actual Capacity that a site can sustain when other regulations of this Code are applied to the site. The inability to reach the maximum Density or Intensity because of the necessity to conform to the other regulations of this Code shall not constitute hardship for purposes of a Variance. Avenue. South Bayshore Drive G. Boundary: All properties on the northern side of South Bayshore Drive from McFarlane Road to Aviation Avenue. South Bayshore Drive Setback: Thirty (30’) feet; Side Setback: fifteen (15’) feet minimum for the entire height of the building. 1. Boundary: All properties on the northern side of South Bayshore Drive from Aviation Avenue to SW 17th Avenue. South Bayshore Drive Setback: Eighty (80’) feet

site. The inability to reach the maximum Density or Intensity because of the necessity to conform to the other regulations of this Code shall not constitute hardship for purposes of a Variance. Avenue. South Bayshore Drive G. Boundary: All properties on the northern side of South Bayshore Drive from McFarlane Road to Aviation Avenue. South Bayshore Drive Setback: Thirty (30’) feet; Side Setback: fifteen (15’) feet minimum for the entire height of the building. 1. Boundary: All properties on the northern side of South Bayshore Drive from Aviation Avenue to SW 17th Avenue. South Bayshore Drive Setback: Eighty (80’) feet 2. Coral Way H. Boundary: Coral Way from the western City limits (SW 37th Avenue) to SW 1st Court. Coral Way Setback: Zero (0’) feet with Gallery 1. 8th Street I. Boundary: All properties Adjacent to SW 8th Street between SW 27th Avenue and SW 1st Court. SW 8th Street Setback: Zero (0’) feet with Gallery 1. 22nd Avenue J. Boundary: 22nd Avenue from NW 1st Street to SW 8th Street. 22nd Ave Setback: Zero (0’) feet with Arcade 1. Central Coconut Grove K. Boundary: 1. All properties Adjacent to Grand Avenue between Margaret Street and Mary Street. 2. All properties Adjacent to Commodore Plaza between Grand Avenue and Main Highway 3. All properties Adjacent to Fuller Street between Grand Avenue and Main Highway. 4. All properties Adjacent to Main Highway between Charles Avenue to Grand Avenue. 5. All properties Adjacent to McFarlane Road between Grand Avenue and South Bayshore Drive. 6. All properties Adjacent to Virginia Street between Oak Avenue and Grand Avenue. 7. All properties Adjacent to Florida Avenue between Virginia Street and Mary Street. 8. All properties Adjacent to Rice Street between Oak Avenue and Florida Avenue. 9. All properties on the west side of Mary Street between Oak Avenue and Grand Avenue. 10. All properties on the south side of Oak Avenue between Matilda Street and Tigertail Avenue. 11. Central Coconut Grove Setback (on the streets listed above): Five (5) feet. i. Wynwood L. Boundary: Established Setback Areas have been identified within Wynwood NRD-1 Street Master Plan located within Appendix J of this Code. 1. Wynwood Norte M. Boundary: Established Setback Areas have been identified within Wynwood NRD-2 Street Master Plan located within Appendix P of this Code. 1. Downtown East Flagler Street N. Boundary: All properties Adjacent to East Flagler Street between West 1 Avenue and Biscayne Boulevard Frontage Setback: Zero (0’) feet Setback above the 8th Story: ten (10’) feet 1. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 39/614 3.4.3 Lodging Units shall be considered as equivalent to one-half (0.50) of a Dwelling Unit. 3.4.4 Co-Living Rooms shall be considered as equivalent to one-quarter (0.25) of a Dwelling Unit. Co-Living Units with less than four (4) Co-Living Rooms shall be considered minimum one (1) Dwelling Unit. 3.4.5 The allowable Transect Zone Density may be increased as provided by the Future Land Use Element of the Miami Comprehensive Plan (Residential Density Increase Areas), as illustrated in Article

and Biscayne Boulevard Frontage Setback: Zero (0’) feet Setback above the 8th Story: ten (10’) feet 1. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 39/614 3.4.3 Lodging Units shall be considered as equivalent to one-half (0.50) of a Dwelling Unit. 3.4.4 Co-Living Rooms shall be considered as equivalent to one-quarter (0.25) of a Dwelling Unit. Co-Living Units with less than four (4) Co-Living Rooms shall be considered minimum one (1) Dwelling Unit. 3.4.5 The allowable Transect Zone Density may be increased as provided by the Future Land Use Element of the Miami Comprehensive Plan (Residential Density Increase Areas), as illustrated in Article 4, Diagram 9. For properties within one-half (1/2) mile of a Metrorail, Brightline, or Tri-Rail station with an underlying Comprehensive Plan designation that provides for a greater Density than the zoning, the applicable Density shall be as permitted by the underlying Comprehensive Plan designation. 3.5 MEASUREMENT OF HEIGHT 3.5.1 Unless otherwise specified herein, the Height of Buildings shall be measured in Stories. The height of Fences and walls shall be measured in feet. The Height of Buildings, Fences and walls shall be measured from the Average Sidewalk Elevation or, where no sidewalk exists, the average of the record profile grade elevation of the street Abutting the Principal Frontage of the Building, as determined by the Public Works Department, provided however where Section 20-3 (11) of the City Code defines a higher elevation of the adjacent street, that higher future elevation shall control. In the event that the Base Flood Elevation, as established by FEMA, plus Freeboard, is higher than the sidewalk or grade elevations, the total Height of the Building but not the height of Fences and walls shall be measured from the Base Flood Elevation plus Freeboard. 3.5.2 A Story is a Habitable level within a Building with a maximum Height of fourteen (14) feet from finished floor to finished floor. Basements are not considered Stories for the purposes of determining Building Height. A ground-level Story may exceed this limit up to a total height of twenty-five (25) feet and a top-level Story in the T5, T6 Transect Zone may exceed this limit up to a total height of twenty-eight (28) feet and count as one (1) Story, if the Building Height does not exceed the maximum Building Height including all applicable bonuses allowed by the transect at fourteen (14) feet per floor and twenty-five (25) feet at the ground level. A ground-level Story may exceed fourteen (14) feet up to a total Height of thirty (30) feet when located in the Special Flood Hazard Area, given that the finished floor of the ground level meets the Average Sidewalk Elevation. A single floor level exceeding fourteen (14) feet or twenty-five (25) feet at ground level (or thirty (30) feet at ground level within the Special Flood Hazard Area), shall be counted as two (2) Stories; except for T6-36, T6-48, T6-60, T6- 80, and D1, where a single floor level exceeding fourteen (14) feet may count as one (1) story

ground level. A ground-level Story may exceed fourteen (14) feet up to a total Height of thirty (30) feet when located in the Special Flood Hazard Area, given that the finished floor of the ground level meets the Average Sidewalk Elevation. A single floor level exceeding fourteen (14) feet or twenty-five (25) feet at ground level (or thirty (30) feet at ground level within the Special Flood Hazard Area), shall be counted as two (2) Stories; except for T6-36, T6-48, T6-60, T6- 80, and D1, where a single floor level exceeding fourteen (14) feet may count as one (1) story if the Building Height does not exceed the maximum height, including all applicable bonuses, allowed by the transect at fourteen (14) feet per floor. The first two stories total combined Height shall not exceed thirty-nine (39) feet or forty-four (44) feet in the Special Flood Hazard Area). The first floor shall be a minimum of fourteen (14) feet in Height or nineteen (19) feet in the Special Flood Hazard Area. Intermediate Levels may not exceed thirty-three percent (33%) of the Habitable Space Floor Area, except in the D1, where Intermediate Levels may not exceed fifty percent (50%) of the Habitable Space Floor Area. Intermediate Levels extending beyond thirty-three percent (33%) of the Floor Area, or fifty percent (50%) of the Floor Area in D1, shall be counted as an additional floor. The Height of a Parking Structure concealed by a Liner may be equal to the Height of the Liner; this may result in a Liner Story concealing more than one level of Parking. 3.5.3 Except as specifically provided herein, the Height limitations of this Code shall not apply to any Solar Equipment or roof Structures for housing elevators, stairways, tanks, ventilating fans, or similar equipment required to operate and maintain the Building. Roof Structures shall not cover more than twenty percent (20%) of roof area for T4 and T5. Solar Equipment may cover an entire roof area. Church spires, steeples, belfries, monuments, water towers, flagpoles, vents, or similar Structures, may be allowed to exceed the maximum Height by Waiver. Fire or parapet walls, which shall not extend more than five (5) feet above the maximum Height in T4 and T5 and ten (10) feet in T6 and Districts are allowed. 3.5.4 No Building or other Structure shall be located in a manner or built to a Height which constitutes a hazard to aviation or creates hazards to persons or property by reason of unusual exposure to aviation hazards. In addition to Height limitations established by this Code, limitations established by the Miami-Dade County Height Zoning Ordinance as stated in Article 37 of the Code of Miami-Dade County (Miami International Airport) shall apply to Heights of Buildings and Structures. 3.5.5 Height limitations for Properties Abutting and in Proximity to National Historic Landmarks 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 40/614 a. All properties designated a National Historic Landmark (NHL) which include a Designed Landscape that is an integral part of the documented

a hazard to aviation or creates hazards to persons or property by reason of unusual exposure to aviation hazards. In addition to Height limitations established by this Code, limitations established by the Miami-Dade County Height Zoning Ordinance as stated in Article 37 of the Code of Miami-Dade County (Miami International Airport) shall apply to Heights of Buildings and Structures. 3.5.5 Height limitations for Properties Abutting and in Proximity to National Historic Landmarks 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 40/614 a. All properties designated a National Historic Landmark (NHL) which include a Designed Landscape that is an integral part of the documented significance supporting the NHL designation shall be protected by height limitations throughout the entire Civic Institution zoned property of which the NHL is a part, so as to protect the Designed Landscape from the potentially adverse effects of an undertaking that may diminish the integrity of the NHL property’s location, design, setting, materials, workmanship, association or qualities that qualified it for NHL designation. Examples of adverse effects which diminish the integrity of the NHL property include those which: cause physical destruction of or damage to all or part of the NHL property; or change the character of the NHL property’s use or physical features within the NHL property’s setting that contribute to its historic significance; or introduce visual, atmospheric or audible elements that diminish the integrity of the NHL property’s significant historic features; or alter the NHL property in a way that is not consistent with the federal standards for the treatment of historic properties and applicable guidelines, as published by the United States Department of the Interior. b. The height of structures throughout the entire Civic Institution zoned property of which the NHL is a part shall not exceed that established by a six (6) degree vertical plane which is measured beginning from the ground floor elevation of the principal historic building at the façade that overlooks the Designed Landscape, which plane shall extend in a one hundred eighty (180) degree arc facing the Designed Landscape and measured at grade from the midpoint of the building façade. The ground floor elevation shall be measured according to the 1929 N.G.V.D. of Mean Sea Level supplied by the City of Miami. Structures existing on affected properties at the time of the effective date of this Miami 21 Code shall not be considered nonconforming structures. c. Should the height limitations for structures located in such Civic Institution zoned property as of the effective date of this Miami 21 Code be more restrictive than that created by this section, the most restrictive height shall apply. In the event of a rezoning of all or part of the Civic Institution property, either by successional zoning or by Special Area Plan, the height limitations specified in this Section 3.5.5 shall be incorporated in all subsequent rezonings. d. For purposes of this Section 3.5.5, the following definitions shall apply: 1. Designed Landscape is one or more of the following: a landscape that has significance as a

located in such Civic Institution zoned property as of the effective date of this Miami 21 Code be more restrictive than that created by this section, the most restrictive height shall apply. In the event of a rezoning of all or part of the Civic Institution property, either by successional zoning or by Special Area Plan, the height limitations specified in this Section 3.5.5 shall be incorporated in all subsequent rezonings. d. For purposes of this Section 3.5.5, the following definitions shall apply: 1. Designed Landscape is one or more of the following: a landscape that has significance as a design or work of art; a landscape consciously designed and laid out by a master gardener, landscape architect, architect, or horticulturalist to a design principle, or an owner or other amateur using a recognized style or tradition in response or reaction to a recognized style or tradition; a landscape having a historical association with a significant person, trend, event, etc. in landscape gardening or landscape architecture; or a landscape having a significant relationship to the theory or practice of landscape architecture. 2. National Historic Landmark is a nationally significant historic place designated by the Secretary of the Interior because it possesses exceptional value or quality in illustrating or interpreting the heritage of the United States, and defined in Title 36, Section 65.3 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 3.5.6 See Chapter 23 of the City Code, titled Historic Preservation, for regulations and additional height requirements. 3.6 OFF-STREET PARKING AND LOADING STANDARDS 3.6.1 Off-street Parking Standards a. Off-street Parking requirements for the individual Transect Zones shall be as set forth in Article 4, Table 4. Where required off-street parking is based on square footage of Use, the calculation shall only include Habitable Rooms and Habitable Space occupied by such Use. b. Off-street Parking dimensions and Shared Parking (mixed-use) reduction table shall be as set forth in Article 4, Table 5. c. Required Parking for Adaptive Uses shall be as set forth in Article 7, Section 7.2.8. Nonconforming Site Improvements may be reduced or exempted by Waiver for properties located in a Community Redevelopment Area. d. Parking reductions shall not be cumulative except in T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80. Parking reductions shall not exceed fifty percent (50%) of the total Off-street Parking required, except for Residential components of projects within one thousand (1,000) feet of Metrorail or Metromover stations. e. Parking that is otherwise not allowed but that is customarily incidental and subordinate to a principal Use may be provided in any T3 or T4-R Transect Zone by process of Exception and only if there is an existing legally built parking lot. Access for such Lots shall be subject to all other requirements of the Transect Zone including Liner, landscaping, or Streetscreen requirements. Such parking shall not expand or increase the degree of nonconformity. Parking in other Transect Zones shall be approved pursuant to Article 4, Table 3. f. 20% of all newly constructed parking spaces must be EV Capable. In no

is otherwise not allowed but that is customarily incidental and subordinate to a principal Use may be provided in any T3 or T4-R Transect Zone by process of Exception and only if there is an existing legally built parking lot. Access for such Lots shall be subject to all other requirements of the Transect Zone including Liner, landscaping, or Streetscreen requirements. Such parking shall not expand or increase the degree of nonconformity. Parking in other Transect Zones shall be approved pursuant to Article 4, Table 3. f. 20% of all newly constructed parking spaces must be EV Capable. In no case will this be less than one (1) required space and the calculated number shall always be rounded up for any fraction of a space. This requirement does not apply to dwellings without a designated parking space located on the premises nor does this requirement apply to parking spaces located in the public right-of-way. 3.6.2 Off-street Parking Driveway Standards [RESERVED] 3.6.3 Additional Off-street Parking Regulations 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 41/614 General performance standards for Off-street Parking facilities: a. Parking shall be implemented so as to provide safe and convenient access to and from public Thoroughfares which include movement lanes and Public Frontages. b. Vehicular access through Residential properties for nonresidential Uses shall be prohibited. c. Off-street Parking spaces shall be located with sufficient room for safe and convenient parking without infringing on any public Thoroughfare or sidewalk. d. Off-street Parking spaces whose locations require that cars back into movement lanes shall only be permissible in T3 and T4 zones. Backing into Alleys shall be permissible in all Transect Zones. e. Off-street Parking or loading area shall not be used for the sale, repair, or dismantling of any vehicle or equipment, or for storage of materials or supplies. f. Parking or storage of commercial trucks, buses, vans, sign trailers; trailers or semi-trailers for freight, cargo; non-recreational watercraft; or the like shall not be permitted in any T3, T4, T5-R or T6-R Zone. g. Inoperable vehicles and other inoperable Recreational Watercraft or equipment shall be stored only in storage facilities or other approved places where they are completely concealed from public view. h. Except in connection with permitted active continuing construction on the premises, construction equipment such as earth moving machines, excavators, cranes, and the like shall only be allowed in D1, D2 and D3, as allowed by this Code. i. All Off-street Parking shall comply with applicable regulations related to lighting, paving, and drainage including the Miami-Dade County Code and the Florida Building Code. j. Specific areas may be set aside for Tandem Parking. Tandem Parking in all Transect Zones, except T3 and T4, shall be used only by a valet parking operator. k. Parking facilities on adjoining Lots may share access points, driveways and parking subject to a recorded covenant running with the property on which the facilities are located, by process of Waiver. l. Stationing of Recreation Watercraft: 1. Transect Zones Stationing of Recreational Watercraft may only be

All Off-street Parking shall comply with applicable regulations related to lighting, paving, and drainage including the Miami-Dade County Code and the Florida Building Code. j. Specific areas may be set aside for Tandem Parking. Tandem Parking in all Transect Zones, except T3 and T4, shall be used only by a valet parking operator. k. Parking facilities on adjoining Lots may share access points, driveways and parking subject to a recorded covenant running with the property on which the facilities are located, by process of Waiver. l. Stationing of Recreation Watercraft: 1. Transect Zones Stationing of Recreational Watercraft may only be permitted in T3, T4-R and T4-L Zones and only where incidental to a Single-Family Residence. This section shall not be construed as preventing the docking of boats along the waterfront. 2. Screening Screening arrangements shall be made to buffer view of the Recreational Watercraft from Abutting parcels by means of walls, fences or landscaping of sufficient opaqueness to visually conceal its bulk while in keeping with applicable provisions in Article 3 and 5. 3. Occupancy Recreational Watercraft stationed in T3, T4-R and T4-L Zones shall not be used as Residential or other Occupancies. 4. Location Stationing of Recreational Watercraft may only be permitted when placed within the Second or Third Layer of the property. 5. Height The maximum height of the Recreational Watercraft shall not exceed eight (8) feet, inclusive of trailer and excluding Minor Accessories. 6. State or condition Stationing of Recreational Watercraft in T3, T4-R and T4-L Zones may only be permitted as long as the Recreational Watercraft is maintained in an orderly and seemly condition. 3.6.4 Calculation of Off-street Parking requirements related to number of seats. Where parking requirements relate to number of seats and seating is in the form of undivided pews, benches, or the like, twenty (20) lineal inches shall be construed to be equal to one (1) seat. Where Parking requirements relate to movable seating in auditoriums and other assembly rooms, ten (10) square feet of Floor Area shall be construed to be equal to one (1) seat except where otherwise specified. Net floor area shall be the actual area occupied by seating and related aisles, and shall not include accessory unoccupied areas or the thickness of walls. 3.6.5 Valet Parking Off-street Parking facilities maintained with valet parking shall be allowed generally, provided that the minimum Off-street Parking requirements of this Code are satisfied and that an attendant shall remain on duty during business hours or as long as the Principal Building is occupied. 3.6.6 Parking Management Plan Parking allowed off-site through a parking management plan agreement with the City of Miami Parking Authority shall be as set forth in Chapter 35 of the City Code. Within areas under a parking management plan, outdoor areas, including the public right-of-way, which are regularly used for display and sales, or as dining areas, shall be calculated as part of the establishment’s total floor area and shall comply with Off-Street parking requirements. 3.6.7 Off-street Parking Reductions by

and that an attendant shall remain on duty during business hours or as long as the Principal Building is occupied. 3.6.6 Parking Management Plan Parking allowed off-site through a parking management plan agreement with the City of Miami Parking Authority shall be as set forth in Chapter 35 of the City Code. Within areas under a parking management plan, outdoor areas, including the public right-of-way, which are regularly used for display and sales, or as dining areas, shall be calculated as part of the establishment’s total floor area and shall comply with Off-Street parking requirements. 3.6.7 Off-street Parking Reductions by Use Parking reductions for Elderly Housing. a. Housing for the Elderly, in relation to this regulation, is not to be construed as homes or institutions for the aged which are primarily convalescent or Nursing Homes. 1. Off-street Parking space requirements in connection with Housing for the Elderly conforming to the requirements of state or federal programs may be reduced by process of Warrant to a minimum of one (1) parking space per every two (2) Dwelling Units. 2. The applicant shall submit a parking management plans which demonstrates how the parking deficiency will be mitigated in the event that the housing becomes market rate housing at some time in the future. ​The following criteria shall apply: 3. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 42/614 3.6.8 Deferral of Off-street Parking Standards a. Deferral of portions of total required parking improvements in phased projects Parking requirements shall be met as set forth by this Code and built concurrently with approved improvements generating said requirement. Provision of parking should not in part or in whole be deferred for future implementation. Further, phased projects shall be approved subject to provision of required parking for each component phase to be provided concurrently with the phase generating said requirement; however deferrals may be granted by Exception as specified below. b. Deferral period, revocation of permit; notice of revocation. A deferral may be allowed for up to five (5) years without provision for renewal except upon application for a new Exception. 3.6.9 Off-street Loading Requirements a. Off-street vehicular loading shall be required for all T5, T6, CS, CI, CI-HD and D zones, as shown in Article 4, Table 5 and shall require no more than three (3) turning movements. b. Within the Downtown Flagler Parking and Loading Improvement District as described in Exhibit “A”, attached and incorporated, Loading for non-residential uses may be provided on-site or off-site as established in Chapter 35 of the City Code and further described in Article 4, Table 4 by process of Waiver and after a Covenant, in a form acceptable to the City Attorney, running with the land is recorded upon both the property on which the Loading will occur and the property which requires the Loading. 3.6.10 Off-street Bicycle Parking Requirements a. Off-street bicycle parking shall be provided for all T4, T5, T6, CS, CI, CI-HD, and D zones, as shown in Article 4, Table 4 and shall be calculated prior

for non-residential uses may be provided on-site or off-site as established in Chapter 35 of the City Code and further described in Article 4, Table 4 by process of Waiver and after a Covenant, in a form acceptable to the City Attorney, running with the land is recorded upon both the property on which the Loading will occur and the property which requires the Loading. 3.6.10 Off-street Bicycle Parking Requirements a. Off-street bicycle parking shall be provided for all T4, T5, T6, CS, CI, CI-HD, and D zones, as shown in Article 4, Table 4 and shall be calculated prior to any vehicular parking reductions. b. Within TOD areas, required bicycle parking shall be provided as both Short-Term Bicycle Parking and Long-Term Bicycle Parking as described within the Miami Bicycle Master Plan. 1. Short-Term Bicycle Parking may be located within the public ROW or a required Setback, within 200 feet of the building’s entrance. 2. Long-Term Bicycle Parking shall be located within a built structure subject to the standards outlined below. c. Required bicycle parking shall meet the following standards: 1. Required bicycle parking shall be provided in a safe, accessible and convenient location. 2. Bicycle parking facilities shared by more than one use are encouraged. 3. Required bicycle parking facilities may be located within the project site or in a shared bicycle parking facility subject to all the conditions for shared bicycle parking facilities below: The premises shall be used as Housing for the Elderly, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth in (a) above, until the parking requirements for a different Use have been met; and (a) The applicant shall demonstrate that the reduction in Off-street Parking is justified in view of the nature and type of prospective occupancy and the economic circumstances involved, that the impacts from such reduction are not likely to unduly burden traffic and parking facilities in the neighborhood, and there will be adequate Off-street Parking for occupants, visitors, and staff; and (b) Applicant shall submit written certification from the applicable City, State or Federal agency in charge of the program. (c) Parking Reduction for Low-Income Housing b. Off-street Parking requirements in connection with housing for low income families and individuals may be reduced by process of Exception only up to fifty percent (50%) of the spaces generally required. Housing for low-income families and individuals shall be qualified by the City of Miami Department of Community Development. 1. The applicant shall submit plans which demonstrate how the remaining parking may be accommodated in the event that the housing becomes market rate housing at some time in the future. The following criteria shall apply: 2. The project shall otherwise conform to the requirements of state or federal programs for this purpose. (a) The Board, in its consideration of the application for Exception, shall determine and make a finding that the reduction in Off-street Parking requirements is justified in view of the nature and type of prospective occupancy and the economic circumstances involved, and that

Department of Community Development. 1. The applicant shall submit plans which demonstrate how the remaining parking may be accommodated in the event that the housing becomes market rate housing at some time in the future. The following criteria shall apply: 2. The project shall otherwise conform to the requirements of state or federal programs for this purpose. (a) The Board, in its consideration of the application for Exception, shall determine and make a finding that the reduction in Off-street Parking requirements is justified in view of the nature and type of prospective occupancy and the economic circumstances involved, and that traffic and parking problems resulting from such reduction will not unduly burden traffic facilities in the Neighborhood. (b) The Board shall, as part of its grant of Exception, specify that the City, upon notice and review for Waiver, may later require that the applicant implement its plan to provide the full amount of required parking if it is demonstrated that traffic and parking conditions together with impact on the Neighborhood require such provision. (c) After such permit has been issued, the premises shall not be used other than as Low Income Housing, subject to the Exception and limitations set forth in (a) above, unless and until any parking requirements and all other requirements or limitations of this Code have been met. (d) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 43/614 a. Required bicycle parking spaces for two (2) or more adjacent sites may be satisfied by the same bicycle parking facility used jointly provided that such right of joint use and maintenance is evidenced by covenant running with the land or equivalent legal document establishing the joint use. b. Required shared bicycle parking facilities are to be located within 300 feet of any building’s main entrance. c. The minimum number of required bicycle parking is satisfied by all sites using the shared facility. d. For the purposes of this section, shared bicycle parking facilities are areas, locations, or structures designed to accommodate, house, store, maintain or hold several bicycle parking spaces. 4. When required off-street vehicular parking is covered, the required bicycle parking shall also be covered. 5. When required bicycle parking is provided in racks, one (1) standard U-rack will accommodate two (2) bikes and each rack must meet the following standards: a. The bicycle frame and one (1) wheel can be locked to the rack with a high security, U-shaped shackle lock if both wheels are left on the bicycle; b. A bicycle six feet long can be securely held with its frame supported so that the bicycle cannot be pushed or fall in a manner that will damage the wheels or components; and c. The rack must be securely anchored. 6. When required bicycle parking is provided in lockers, the lockers must be securely anchored. 7. Parking and maneuvering areas. a. Each required bicycle parking space must be accessible without moving another bicycle; b. There must be an aisle of at least five (5) feet wide behind all required

shackle lock if both wheels are left on the bicycle; b. A bicycle six feet long can be securely held with its frame supported so that the bicycle cannot be pushed or fall in a manner that will damage the wheels or components; and c. The rack must be securely anchored. 6. When required bicycle parking is provided in lockers, the lockers must be securely anchored. 7. Parking and maneuvering areas. a. Each required bicycle parking space must be accessible without moving another bicycle; b. There must be an aisle of at least five (5) feet wide behind all required bicycle parking to allow room for bicycle maneuvering; c. The area devoted to bicycle parking must be hard surfaced. 8. A one (1) square foot directional sign shall be required if the bicycle parking area is not visible from the street or main building entrance. Said sign must be posted at the main building entrance indicating the location of the bicycle parking. 3.7 FENCES AND WALLS 3.7.1 General For all Commercial and Industrial Uses, a six-foot (6) solid masonry wall shall be provided along all property lines which adjoin T3, T4-R, T5-R and T6-R. 3.7.2 Prohibited on Fences and walls a. The use of broken glass, projecting nails, coiled razor wire, spikes or similar materials on walls and Fences is prohibited in all Transect Zones. b. Barbed wire Fences, or use of barbed wire along the top of a fence or wall, shall be permissible only in D1, D2 and D3, subject to approval by Waiver upon making a written finding that its use and placement are reasonably necessary to the safety, welfare and security of the property. 3.8 THOROUGHFARES 3.8.1 General Principles a. Thoroughfares are intended for use by vehicular, transit, bicycle, and pedestrian traffic and to provide access to Lots and Open Spaces. b. Thoroughfares consist of lanes for vehicles, transit, bicycles and Public Frontages. The lanes may have a variety of widths for movement and parking. The Public Frontages contribute to the character of Transect Zones. They may include swales, Sidewalks, curbing, Planters, bicycle paths and street trees. See Article 4, Tables 6 and 8. c. Thoroughfares should be designed in context with the urban form and desired design speed of the Transect Zones through which they pass. The Public Frontages that pass from one Transect Zone to another should be adjusted accordingly. d. Bicycles are a sustainable and viable mode of transportation and recreation in the City of Miami. Bicycle use of Thoroughfares should be as follows: Bicycles and vehicles may share use of lanes on all Thoroughfares. Thoroughfares that have sufficient paving width to accommodate bicyclists’ safety should include dedicated Bicycle Lanes. Greenways, waterfront walks and other Civic Spaces should include Bicycle usage . e. A City-wide bicycle plan may designate an interconnected network serving bicyclists with a series of marked routes that include Bicycle Lanes as well as Bicycle Routes that give bicycles priority, such as those Thoroughfares which parallel major corridors or include

sustainable and viable mode of transportation and recreation in the City of Miami. Bicycle use of Thoroughfares should be as follows: Bicycles and vehicles may share use of lanes on all Thoroughfares. Thoroughfares that have sufficient paving width to accommodate bicyclists’ safety should include dedicated Bicycle Lanes. Greenways, waterfront walks and other Civic Spaces should include Bicycle usage . e. A City-wide bicycle plan may designate an interconnected network serving bicyclists with a series of marked routes that include Bicycle Lanes as well as Bicycle Routes that give bicycles priority, such as those Thoroughfares which parallel major corridors or include major corridors which can be reconfigured to limit conflicts between vehicles and bicycles. f. Pedestrian comfort should be a primary consideration of Thoroughfare design and dimensions. Design conflict between vehicular, bicycle and pedestrian movement should be decided in favor of the pedestrian. 3.8.2 Thoroughfares a. The guidelines for Thoroughfares are as described in Article 8. b. The Thoroughfare network should be designed to prioritize connectivity, defining Blocks not exceeding an average perimeter length of 1,320 feet. The length shall be measured as the sum of Lot Frontage Lines. Thoroughfare closings should not be allowed; instead, traffic calming designs should be deployed 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 44/614 to control traffic volume and speed. c. All Thoroughfares should terminate at other Thoroughfares, to form a network. Cul-de-sacs should be permitted only when supported by natural site conditions. Thoroughfares that provide View Corridors shall not be vacated. d. In T5 and T6 Zones, Public and Private Frontages should be coordinated with a single paving and landscape design as provided in Article 4, Table 6 and Article 8. 3.8.3 Public Frontages a. Public Frontages should be designed as shown in Article 4, Table 6 and allocated within Transect Zones as specified in Article 4, Table 2. b. Within the Public Frontages, the arrangement of street trees and street lights should be as provided in Article 8. c. The Public Frontage in Transect Zones T1, T2 and T3 should include trees of various species, and may include low maintenance understory landscape. The introduced landscape should consist primarily of native species requiring minimal irrigation, fertilization and maintenance. d. The Public Frontage in Transect Zones T4, T5, T6 and D1 should include trees planted in a regularly-spaced Allée of single or alternated species with shade canopies of a height that, at maturity, clears the first Story. The introduced landscape should consist primarily of durable species tolerant of soil compaction. 3.8.4 Vision Clearance 3.8.4.1 Intent; “Material Impediment to Visibility” construed. It is the intent of these regulations to provide protection from traffic hazards at intersections for automotive vehicles and their passengers, and for cyclists and pedestrians, including small children. Given this intent, the phrase “Material Impediment to Visibility,” as used here, is to be construed as any material obstruction to Visibility which would result in concealment of a child over two and one-half (2 1/2) feet in height approaching an intersection, or would conceal an approaching automotive

The introduced landscape should consist primarily of durable species tolerant of soil compaction. 3.8.4 Vision Clearance 3.8.4.1 Intent; “Material Impediment to Visibility” construed. It is the intent of these regulations to provide protection from traffic hazards at intersections for automotive vehicles and their passengers, and for cyclists and pedestrians, including small children. Given this intent, the phrase “Material Impediment to Visibility,” as used here, is to be construed as any material obstruction to Visibility which would result in concealment of a child over two and one-half (2 1/2) feet in height approaching an intersection, or would conceal an approaching automotive vehicle or cyclist from such a child. In determinations as to whether or not there is Material Impediment to Visibility, the speed, direction, and duration of movement to point of potential collision or contact shall be considered. Adjacent to Thoroughfares, nothing shall be erected, placed, planted, or allowed to grow in such a manner as to form a Material Impediment to Visibility between the heights of two and one-half (2 1/2) feet and ten (10) feet above the street grade level within Visibility Triangles described below: a. At Thoroughfare intersections with Building Setbacks: Visibility Triangles shall be maintained to include an area bounded by the first twenty-five (25) feet along the intersecting edges of the right-of-way (or Base Building Line) projected where rounded, and a line running across the Lot and connecting the ends of such twenty-five-foot lines. See Article 4, Table 8. b. At intersections of driveways with Thoroughfares with Building Setbacks: Visibility Triangles shall be maintained to include an area bounded by the first ten (10) feet along the intersecting edges of the Base Building Line and the driveway, projected where rounded, and a line running across any intervening right-of-way and the Lot and connecting the ends of such ten-foot lines. See Article 4, Table 8. c. At Thoroughfare intersections with Buildings with no Setbacks: Visibility Triangles shall be maintained to include an area bounded by the first ten (10) feet along the intersecting edges of the Base Building Line, projected where rounded, and a line running across the Lot and connecting the ends of such ten-foot lines. See Article 4, Table 8. d. At intersections of driveways with Thoroughfares with no Building Setbacks: Visibility triangles shall be maintained to include an area bounded by the first five (5) feet along the intersecting edges of the Base Building Line and driveway, projected where rounded, and a line running across any intervening right-of-way and the Lot and connecting the ends of such five-foot lines. See Article 4, Table 8. e. At all Thoroughfare intersections: Visibility Triangles shall be maintained to include an area bounded by the first ten (10) feet along the intersecting edges of the Base Building Line, projected where rounded, and a line running across the Lot and connecting the ends of such ten-foot lines. See Article 4, Table 8. 3.8.4.2 Variances prohibited. No Variances from the provisions of Section 3.8.4 are permitted. 3.9 SPECIAL AREA PLANS

Line and driveway, projected where rounded, and a line running across any intervening right-of-way and the Lot and connecting the ends of such five-foot lines. See Article 4, Table 8. e. At all Thoroughfare intersections: Visibility Triangles shall be maintained to include an area bounded by the first ten (10) feet along the intersecting edges of the Base Building Line, projected where rounded, and a line running across the Lot and connecting the ends of such ten-foot lines. See Article 4, Table 8. 3.8.4.2 Variances prohibited. No Variances from the provisions of Section 3.8.4 are permitted. 3.9 SPECIAL AREA PLANS The purpose of a Special Area Plan is to allow parcels greater than nine (9) Abutting acres in size to be master planned so as to allow greater integration of public improvements and Infrastructure, and greater flexibility so as to result in higher or specialized quality building and Streetscape design within the Special Area Plan. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 45/614 The purpose of a Special Area Plan further is to encourage the assembly and master planning of parcels greater than nine (9) Abutting acres in size, in order to provide greater integration of public and private improvements and Infrastructure; to enable Thoroughfare connectivity; to encourage a variety of Building Heights, massing and Streetscape design, and to provide high quality design elements, all in order to further the intent of this Code expressed in Article 2. 3.9.1 General a. The single or multiple owner(s) of Abutting properties in excess of nine (9) acres may apply for a rezoning to a Special Area Plan. For the purposes of applying for a rezoning to a Special Area Plan, the term Abutting shall not include properties separated by the Florida East Coast Railway Corridor or separated across a street or alley with an actual or zoned width of seventy (70) feet or greater as set by Chapter 54, Article V of the City Code. b. A Special Area Plan shall be approved by the process of rezoning with or without Transect changes. Properties designated as “T3” – Sub-Urban Transect Zone shall not be considered for a Special Area Plan. c. A Special Area Plan shall assign Thoroughfares, Transect Zones and Civic Space Types, with appropriate transitions to Abutting areas. Guidelines for Thoroughfares and Public Frontages may be adjusted to the particular circumstances of the Special Area Plan. d. A Special Area Plan shall include a map of the Thoroughfares and Transect Zones, and the standards that deviate from the requirements of Article 5. e. A Special Area Plan shall assign at least five percent (5%) of its aggregated Lot Area to a Civic Space Type. Civic Building sites are to be located within or adjacent to Civic Space Types or at the axial termination of significant Thoroughfares. The developer shall be responsible for constructing the public improvements within the Special Area Plan, including but not limited to the Civic Space Types and Thoroughfares. f. Development within the Special Area Plan shall be pursuant

include a map of the Thoroughfares and Transect Zones, and the standards that deviate from the requirements of Article 5. e. A Special Area Plan shall assign at least five percent (5%) of its aggregated Lot Area to a Civic Space Type. Civic Building sites are to be located within or adjacent to Civic Space Types or at the axial termination of significant Thoroughfares. The developer shall be responsible for constructing the public improvements within the Special Area Plan, including but not limited to the Civic Space Types and Thoroughfares. f. Development within the Special Area Plan shall be pursuant to a recorded development agreement that will establish the allocation of Thoroughfares and Civic Space Types and Building Area among the Building sites, and the creation and retention of the public benefits. g. Unless a Building is specifically approved as part of the Special Area Plan, any Building shall be reviewed by the Planning Director, after referral to and recommendation from the CRC for conformance to the Plan, prior to issuance of the Building Permit. h. A Special Area Plan may include: 1. A differentiation of the Thoroughfares as a Primary-Grid (A-Grid) and a Secondary-Grid (B-Grid). Buildings along the A-Grid shall be held to the highest standard of this Code in support of pedestrian activity. Buildings along the B-Grid may be more readily considered for automobile-oriented standards allowing surface parking lots, unlined parking decks, and drive-throughs. The Frontages assigned to the B-Grid shall not exceed thirty percent (30%) of the total length within a Special Area Plan. For Frontages on the B-Grid, parking areas may be allowed in the Second Layer. 2. Retail Frontage requiring that a Building provide a Commercial Use at sidewalk level along the entire length of the Frontage. The Commercial Use Building shall be no less than seventy percent (70%) glazed in clear glass and provided with an Awning overlapping the sidewalk as generally illustrated in Article 4, Table 6. The first floor should be confined to Retail Use through the depth of the Second Layer. 3. Gallery or Arcade Frontage, requiring that a Building provide a permanent cover over the sidewalk, either cantilevered or supported by columns. The Gallery or Arcade Frontage may be combined with a Retail Frontage as shown in Article 4, Table 6. Gallery or Arcade Frontage within the First Layer may apply towards Open Space requirements. 4. Build-to-lines that differ from Transect Zone Setback requirement. 5. A Terminated Vista location, requiring that the Building be provided with architectural articulation of a Type and character that responds to the location. 6. A Pedestrian Passage, requiring a minimum ten (10) foot wide pedestrian access be reserved between Buildings. 7. A preservation plan acceptable to the Historic and Environmental Preservation Board for any historic resources in the area of the Special Area Plan. 8. Area Design Guidelines. 9. A parking management program that enables shared parking among public and private Uses. 10. Flexible allocation of development capacity and Height, excluding Density on individual sites

Transect Zone Setback requirement. 5. A Terminated Vista location, requiring that the Building be provided with architectural articulation of a Type and character that responds to the location. 6. A Pedestrian Passage, requiring a minimum ten (10) foot wide pedestrian access be reserved between Buildings. 7. A preservation plan acceptable to the Historic and Environmental Preservation Board for any historic resources in the area of the Special Area Plan. 8. Area Design Guidelines. 9. A parking management program that enables shared parking among public and private Uses. 10. Flexible allocation of development capacity and Height, excluding Density on individual sites within the Special Area Plan shall be allowed so long as the capacity or Height distribution does not result in development that is out of Scale or character with the surrounding area, and provides for appropriate transitions. 3.10 HISTORIC PRESERVATION STANDARDS See Chapter 23 of the City Code, titled Historic Preservation, for regulations and additional height requirements. 3.11 WATERFRONT STANDARDS In addition to the Miami City Charter requirements, the following Setback, walkways and Waterfront standards shall apply to all Waterfront properties within the City, except as modifications to these standards for all Waterfront properties may be approved by the City Commission pursuant to the procedures established in the City Charter. All Miami riverfront properties shall include water-related uses across all Transect Zones except T3. a. Waterfront Setbacks 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 46/614 1. For properties fronting a Waterway, the Setback shall be a minimum of fifty (50) feet measured from the mean high water line provided along any Waterfront, except where the depth of the Lot is less than two-hundred (200) feet the Setback shall be a minimum of twenty-five percent (25%) of the Lot depth; and except for T3, T4-R, D1, D2 and D3 Transect Zones where a minimum Setback of twenty (20) feet shall be provided, except where the depth of the Lot is less than eighty (80) feet the Setback shall be a minimum of twenty-five percent (25%) of the Lot depth. These requirements shall not apply to Marine Related Industrial Establishments along the Miami River. Within D1, D2 and D3 Transect Zones facilities may span across man-made slips with a Structure to conduct marine-related commercial and industrial activities. 2. For properties fronting a Waterbody, the Setback shall be a minimum of twenty-five (25) feet measured from the mean high water line provided along any Waterfront, except for the following: 1. Where the depth of the Lot is less than one-hundred (100) feet, the Setback shall be a minimum of twenty-five percent (25%) of the Lot depth; and 2. For T3, T4-R, D1, D2, and D3 Transect Zones, a minimum Setback of twenty (20) feet shall be provided, except where the depth of the Lot is less than eighty (80) feet, the Setback shall be a minimum of twenty-five percent (25%) of the Lot depth. For other Lot configuration conflicts, the Setback may be reduced a maximum of fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver. 3.

except for the following: 1. Where the depth of the Lot is less than one-hundred (100) feet, the Setback shall be a minimum of twenty-five percent (25%) of the Lot depth; and 2. For T3, T4-R, D1, D2, and D3 Transect Zones, a minimum Setback of twenty (20) feet shall be provided, except where the depth of the Lot is less than eighty (80) feet, the Setback shall be a minimum of twenty-five percent (25%) of the Lot depth. For other Lot configuration conflicts, the Setback may be reduced a maximum of fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver. 3. Waterfront Side Setbacks consisting of one (1) or more lot lines generally perpendicular to the greatest adjacent body of water shall be equal in aggregate to at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the water frontage of each Lot based on average Lot Width, to allow View Corridors open from ground to sky and to allow public access to the Waterfront; except for T3, T4-R, D1, D2 and D3 Transect Zones. b. Waterfront Walkways Design Standards: 1. Waterfront walkways shall be designed and constructed within the Waterfront Setbacks in accordance with these Waterfront Walkway Design Standards and should remain open to public access during all times, but at a minimum, shall remain open to the public between 6am through 10pm. Waterfront walkways are not required within Transect Zones T3, T4-R, D1, D2 and D3 unless the site is a new Commercial retail, Office, Lodging or restaurant Use. Properties along a Waterbody shall only require a Waterfront walkway if it has been identified within the Miami River Greenway Action Plan or other Waterfront Master Plans as a component of a publicly accessible Greenway and Blueway network system within the City and Miami-Dade County. 2. Waterfront walkways shall feel public, meet all Americans with Disabilities Act (A.D.A.) requirements throughout the entire length of the Waterfront walkway and provide unobstructed visual access to the water. 3. Waterfront walkways shall connect to abutting public walkways, neighboring walkways, and Open Space at a consistent A.D.A. compliant width and grade to allow clear pedestrian circulation along the water’s edge. Properties abutting a Thoroughfare or Public Frontage shall coordinate with the appropriate agency or organization on improvements and connections to Waterfront walkways required on those properties. 4. The Waterfront walkway surface shall remain at a constant elevation and be accessible to handicapped persons throughout the entire length of the Waterfront walkway. Walkways should have a slight grade away from the bulkhead edge for stormwater retention within the transition zone. 5. All Waterfront walkways shall be built to the standards and guidelines outlined within the Miami River Greenway Regulatory Design Standards, Miami River Greenway Action Plan, and Waterfront Design Guidelines, Appendix B of this Code. 6. The total width of a Waterfront walkway shall be a minimum of twenty-five (25) feet per Appendix B, unless the Setback is reduced when the depth of the Lot requires it. Waterfront walkway Design Standards shall apply in the entirety of the Setback

the Waterfront walkway. Walkways should have a slight grade away from the bulkhead edge for stormwater retention within the transition zone. 5. All Waterfront walkways shall be built to the standards and guidelines outlined within the Miami River Greenway Regulatory Design Standards, Miami River Greenway Action Plan, and Waterfront Design Guidelines, Appendix B of this Code. 6. The total width of a Waterfront walkway shall be a minimum of twenty-five (25) feet per Appendix B, unless the Setback is reduced when the depth of the Lot requires it. Waterfront walkway Design Standards shall apply in the entirety of the Setback when properties are set back less than twenty-five (25) feet. Standards may be adjusted by process of Waiver, but shall not diminish the Circulation Zone identified within Appendix B, with a clear path no less than twelve (12) feet in total width provided. 7. Waterfront Properties that do not provide a Waterfront walkway within the Waterfront Setback area shall remain unimproved by any permanent Structure or other Structures permitted under Section 62-528 or Section 62-535 of the City Code. Diagram 1: Waterways & Waterbodies with Waterfront Properties. Waterways & Waterbodies with Waterfront Properties GIS Map 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 47/614 3.12 DESIGN GUIDELINES, NEIGHBORHOOD CONSERVATION DISTRICTS, AND NEIGHBORHOOD REVITALIZATION DISTRICTS AND STREETSCAPE MASTER PLANS 3.12.1 Design Guidelines This section lists additional guidelines defining elements to protect and promote Neighborhood or area character, which may be obtained through the Planning Department. In the areas for which guidelines have been adopted, any proposed building shall be reviewed by the Planning Director prior to the issuance of a building permit. a. MLK Boulevard Streetscape Beautification Master Plan and Façade Standards b. Southeast/Overtown Park West Community Redevelopment Plan c. Miami River Greenway Regulatory Design Standards d. Grand Avenue Vision Plan e. Coral Way Beautification Master Plan f. Little Haiti - French Creole Design Standards g. Offstreet Parking Design Standards and Guidelines h. Overtown Folklife Village i. OMNI CRA Streetscapes: Performing Arts & Media Entertainment District 3.12.2 Neighborhood Conservation Districts (NCD) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 48/614 a. Intent A Neighborhood Conservation District (NCD) is an overlay zoning district that is intended to preserve unique and distinctive neighborhoods that exhibit a certain defined character worthy of protection, such as physical features, design characteristics, and recognized cultural or historical identity. The Neighborhood Conservation District provides additional regulations or design guidelines for new construction, major alterations and additions to existing Buildings, in order to protect, enhance and perpetuate the value of the neighborhood conservation area. It is further intended that such districts and the regulations adopted for them shall be in accord with, and promote the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan. b. Purposes The purposes of creating a Neighborhood Conservation District, singularly or in combination, are to: 1. Protect neighborhoods that have distinguishable architectural character but that do not qualify for historic district status because of the loss of the original fabric through attrition and new development, although the neighborhood still maintains a considerable number of non-contiguous

and additions to existing Buildings, in order to protect, enhance and perpetuate the value of the neighborhood conservation area. It is further intended that such districts and the regulations adopted for them shall be in accord with, and promote the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan. b. Purposes The purposes of creating a Neighborhood Conservation District, singularly or in combination, are to: 1. Protect neighborhoods that have distinguishable architectural character but that do not qualify for historic district status because of the loss of the original fabric through attrition and new development, although the neighborhood still maintains a considerable number of non-contiguous traditional structures that retain some characteristics that reflect their historical origins. 2. Identify structures within the district that, while not historically designated, possess significant character reflecting a Type, period or method of construction important to Miami’s past. Demolition of such structures will be subject to review prior to receiving a demolition permit. 3. Protect areas that have a distinctive landscape, geologic, or environmental character. Protect and promote the lush sub-tropical vegetation and tree canopy that defines the South Florida landscape and gives particular identity to the neighborhood. Protect remaining unique environmental features such as exposed bluffs, natural rock outcroppings, caves, natural sinkholes, and springs. 4. Identify and celebrate those neighborhoods whose immigrant or émigré citizens have brought a unique cultural perspective to a neighborhood and which deserve recognition and protection. 5. Protect and promote specialized commercial areas with distinct character, such as antique, arts, outdoor markets, or design districts, and assist in their economic revitalization and enhancement. c. Designation Process The NCD shall be designated by process of rezoning, and shall be initiated by an applicant who submits the following to the Planning Department: 1. A description of the proposed boundaries of the NCD; 2. A description of the distinctive features of the district which are sought to be protected and preserved; 3. A list of all property owners within the boundaries of the proposed district; 4. Evidence that demonstrates that at least fifty-one (51) percent of the owners within the proposed boundary support the initiation of the NCD rezoning. The Planning Director shall prepare a recommended conservation plan and any proposed regulations and/or design guidelines as provided in paragraph d. below. The PZAB shall consider the recommendations and provide its recommendations to the City Commission. In addition, the City shall conduct at least one workshop regarding the proposed NCD during the consideration of the rezoning, and notification of the workshop shall be sent by first class mail to all property owners located within the proposed boundaries of the district, as shown on the tax roll, at least thirty days prior to the workshop. The City Commission upon designation of the NCD shall adopt the conservation plan and any requisite regulations for the NCD, and the Zoning Atlas shall be amended to show the district boundaries of the NCD. Amendments to any NCD adopted under this Code shall be adopted pursuant to this Code. d. Recommendation for Neighborhood Conservation District

during the consideration of the rezoning, and notification of the workshop shall be sent by first class mail to all property owners located within the proposed boundaries of the district, as shown on the tax roll, at least thirty days prior to the workshop. The City Commission upon designation of the NCD shall adopt the conservation plan and any requisite regulations for the NCD, and the Zoning Atlas shall be amended to show the district boundaries of the NCD. Amendments to any NCD adopted under this Code shall be adopted pursuant to this Code. d. Recommendation for Neighborhood Conservation District designation The Planning Department shall prepare a recommendation for the designation of each NCD. Each recommendation shall identify the proposed rezoning by the specific name created for the NCD and shall contain the following information: 1. A statement of the purposes of the NCD, specifying the substantial public interest involved and the objectives to be promoted by the conservation plan and any special regulations for the district as a whole, or within any subareas of the district which may be recommended. 2. The boundaries of the NCD district and any sub-areas, if any, including a map and a general land description of the boundaries. 3. An explanation of the boundaries selected that meet the intent and requirements for the NCD. 4. A conservation plan identifying and describing the distinctive neighborhood characteristics of the proposed district, with appropriate maps and graphics, and any design guidelines or regulations recommended to promote the purposes of the district. Regulations may require rezoning to different Transect zones than 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 49/614 those existing at the time of designation, additional overlay zoning standards, additional overlay zoning processes, or the like, as tailored to the purposes of the specific NCD. e. NCD Land Development Regulations The requirements of this Code shall be effective in the NCD except as modified by the regulations of the conservation plan adopted by the City Commission upon designation of the NCD.. The ordinance designating the NCD shall be referenced in this Code, with any specific regulations and design guidelines of the NCD adopted by reference to this Code and maintained in the Planning Department. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board and procedures related to appeals thereto set out by this Miami 21 Code shall replace the Zoning Board and procedures related to appeals thereto in Ordinance 11000. f. NCD-1 Coral Gate Neighborhood Conservation District The Coral Gate NCD-1, originally adopted by Ord. No. 12413, on September 25, 2003, is hereby amended and codified in Appendix A.1 to this Code. g. NCD-2 Village West Island and Charles Avenue Neighborhood Conservation District The Village West Island and Charles Avenue NCD-2 incorporates and amends: 1. The Charles Avenue NCD-2, originally adopted by Ord. No. 12417, September 25, 2003, and repealed and reenacted by Ord. No. 12651, adopted January 27, 2005; 2. SD-28, the Village West Ordinance, adopted by Ord. No. 12651, January 27, 2005; 3. Portions of SD-2 adopted by Ord. No.

Coral Gate Neighborhood Conservation District The Coral Gate NCD-1, originally adopted by Ord. No. 12413, on September 25, 2003, is hereby amended and codified in Appendix A.1 to this Code. g. NCD-2 Village West Island and Charles Avenue Neighborhood Conservation District The Village West Island and Charles Avenue NCD-2 incorporates and amends: 1. The Charles Avenue NCD-2, originally adopted by Ord. No. 12417, September 25, 2003, and repealed and reenacted by Ord. No. 12651, adopted January 27, 2005; 2. SD-28, the Village West Ordinance, adopted by Ord. No. 12651, January 27, 2005; 3. Portions of SD-2 adopted by Ord. No. 12651, adopted January 27, 2005; 4. Portions of the Coconut Grove NCD-3, originally adopted by Ord. No. 12672, September 24, 2005. The Village West Island and Charles Avenue NCD is hereby adopted and codified in Appendix A.2 to this Code. h. NCD-3 Coconut Grove Neighborhood Conservation District The Coconut Grove NCD-3 incorporates and amends: 1. The Coconut Grove NCD-3, originally adopted by Ord. No. 12672, September 24, 2005; 2. Portions of SD-2, originally adopted by Ord. No. 12651, January 27, 2005; and 3. SD 18, originally adopted by Ord. No. 10863, March 28, 1991; and 4. SD 18.1, originally adopted by Ord. No. 11240, March 27, 1995. The Coconut Grove NCD is hereby adopted and codified in Appendix A.3 to this Code. 3.12.3 Neighborhood Revitalization Districts (NRD) Intent A Neighborhood Revitalization District (NRD) is an overlay zoning district that is intended to revitalize unique and distinctive neighborhoods that exhibit a certain defined character worthy of enhancements, such as distinct physical features, unique design characteristics, or recognized cutural identity. A NRD provides additional regulations or design guidelines for new construction or modifications to existing Buildings and Streetscapes, in order to promote, enhance, and perpetuate the value of properties while responding to the existing conditions of the neighborhood. It is further intended that such districts and the regulations adopted for them shall be in accordance with and promote the adopted Zoning Ordinance and Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan. a. Purposes The purposes of creating a NRD, sigularly or in combination, are to: b. Revitalize unique and distinctive neighborhoods that have exhibited a certain defined character worthy of enhancements, such as distinct physical features, unique design characteristics, or recognized cultural identity. 1. Identify and preserve structures within the district that, while not historically designated, possess significant character reflecting a Legacy Structure which is a component of the neighborhood and important to Miami’s past. 2. Protect and promote specialized commercial areas with distinct character, such as arts, outdoor markets, or design districts, and assist in their economic revitalization and enhancement. 3. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 50/614 3.12.4 Streetscape Master Plan a. Intent A Streetscape Master Plan is set of guidelines and standards for enhancements to roadway conditions specific to a neighborhood’s characteristic and identity. b. Purposes The purpose of creating a Streetscape Master Plan, singularly or in combination, is to: 1. Strengthen a sense of place, neighborhood identity, and aesthetics through the identification of

component of the neighborhood and important to Miami’s past. 2. Protect and promote specialized commercial areas with distinct character, such as arts, outdoor markets, or design districts, and assist in their economic revitalization and enhancement. 3. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 50/614 3.12.4 Streetscape Master Plan a. Intent A Streetscape Master Plan is set of guidelines and standards for enhancements to roadway conditions specific to a neighborhood’s characteristic and identity. b. Purposes The purpose of creating a Streetscape Master Plan, singularly or in combination, is to: 1. Strengthen a sense of place, neighborhood identity, and aesthetics through the identification of strategic tree species and planting locations at gateways and along thoroughfares; 2. Enhance the identity of the Neighborhood along major corridors; 3. Develop guidelines and standards for public landscaping experiences in the right-of-way which interact with the surrounding art or architectural elements on private property without conflicting or obstructing visibility of façade treatments applied to building exteriors; 4. Build the community’s resilience to the impacts of climate change through tree canopies to reduce the heat island effect and reintroduce native plant species; 5. Maintain and enhance the quality of the air, water, and land through a mature tree canopy’s ability to sequester carbon and release oxygen; 6. Promote Green Infrastructure opportunities to mitigate urban stormwater runoff throughout the Neighborhood; Establish commercial Corridors to function as Mixed-Use, transit-oriented, walkable areas for the neighborhood and its surrounding community. 4. Improve off-street parking efficiency through transit incentivized parking reductions and centralized parking programs. 5. Implement a Public Benefits Program calibrated to the neighborhood to address specific needs for Affordable/Workforce Housing, Public Parks and Open Space, or Civic Space or Civic Support Uses. 6. Designation Process The NRD shall be designated by process of rezoning, and may be initiated by the Planning and Zoning Department or by an applicant. If initiated by an applicant, such application must be submitted to the Planning and Zoning Department and accompanied by the following: c. A description of the proposed boundaries of the NRD; 1. A description of the distinctive physical features and characteristics of the district which are sought to be enhanced and perpetuated for the future of the neighborhood; 2. A list of all property owners within the boundaries of the proposed district; 3. Written evidence that demonstrates that at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the owners within the proposed boundaries support the initiative of the NRD rezoning. The Planning Director shall prepare a recommended revitalization plan and any proposed regulations or design guidelines as provided in paragraph d. below. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board (“PZAB”) shall consider the recommendations and provide its recommendations to the City Commission. In addition, the City shall conduct at least one workshop regarding the proposed NRD during the consideration of the rezoning, and notification of the workshop shall be sent by first class mail to all property owners located within the proposed boundaries of the district, as shown on the tax roll, at least ten (10) days prior to

NRD rezoning. The Planning Director shall prepare a recommended revitalization plan and any proposed regulations or design guidelines as provided in paragraph d. below. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board (“PZAB”) shall consider the recommendations and provide its recommendations to the City Commission. In addition, the City shall conduct at least one workshop regarding the proposed NRD during the consideration of the rezoning, and notification of the workshop shall be sent by first class mail to all property owners located within the proposed boundaries of the district, as shown on the tax roll, at least ten (10) days prior to the workshop. The City Commission, upon designation of the NRD, shall adopt the revitalization plan and any proposed regulations or design guidelines for the NRD, and the Zoning Atlas shall be amended to show the district boundaries of the NRD. Amendments to any NRD adopted under this Code shall be adopted pursuant to this Code. 4. Recommendation for Neighborhood Revitalization District designation The Department of Planning and Zoning shall prepare a recommendation for the designation of each NRD. Each recommendation shall identify the proposed rezoning by the specific name created for the NRD and shall contain the following information: d. A statement of the purposes of the NRD, specifying the substantial public interest involved, the objectives to be promoted by the revitalization plan and any proposed regulations or design guidelines, and any special regulations for the district as a whole, or within any sub-areas of the district which may be recommended. 1. The boundaries of the NRD district and any sub-areas, if any, including a map and a general land description of the boundaries. 2. An explanation of the boundaries selected that meets the intent and requirements for the NRD. 3. Appropriate maps and graphics, and any design guidelines or regulations recommended to promote the purposes of the district. Regulations may require rezoning to different Transect Zones than those existing at the time of designation, additional overlay zoning standards, additional overlay zoning processes, or the like, as tailored specifically to the NRD. 4. NRD Land Development Regulations The requirements of this Code shall be effective in the NRD except as modified by the regulations of the revitalization plan and any proposed regulations or design guidelines adopted by the City Commission upon designation of the NRD. The ordinance designating the NRD shall be referenced in this Code, with any specific regulations and design guidelines of the NRD adopted by reference to this Code and maintained in the Planning and Zoning Department. e. NRD-1 Wynwood Neighborhood Revitalization District The Wynwood NRD-1, originally adopted by Ord. No. 13561, on September 24, 2015, is hereby amended and codified in Appendix J to this Code. f. NRD-2 Wynwood Norte Neighborhood Revitalization District 2. The NRD-2, originally adopted by Ord. No. 13987, on March 25,2021 is hereby amended and codified in Appendix P to this Code. g. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 51/614 7. Promote and encourage actions that reduce greenhouse gas emissions through the creation

and design guidelines of the NRD adopted by reference to this Code and maintained in the Planning and Zoning Department. e. NRD-1 Wynwood Neighborhood Revitalization District The Wynwood NRD-1, originally adopted by Ord. No. 13561, on September 24, 2015, is hereby amended and codified in Appendix J to this Code. f. NRD-2 Wynwood Norte Neighborhood Revitalization District 2. The NRD-2, originally adopted by Ord. No. 13987, on March 25,2021 is hereby amended and codified in Appendix P to this Code. g. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 51/614 7. Promote and encourage actions that reduce greenhouse gas emissions through the creation of attractive and comfortable pedestrian and cycling routes to encourage the use of alternate modes of transportation; 8. Improve the pedestrian experience with appropriate street furniture, trash receptacles, street lighting, and other streetscape features; 9. Use the adopted NRDs or NCDs as a guiding document for Right-Of-Way standards for existing conditions; 10. Coordinate streetscape improvements with surrounding Special Area Plan (SAP) proposals; 11. Develop minimum planting standards above and beyond those in the Code and industry best practices for planting treatments, irrigation, suspended pavement systems, etc; 12. Develop specific standards for enhancement of transit stops and transit enhancements; 13. Encourage integration of surrounding neighborhoods with specific design interventions; 14. Establish a landscape and maintenance program that goes beyond standard ROW improvements identified by the Department of Resilience and Public Works for a Neighborhood. c. Designation Process A Streetscape Master Plan shall be designated through a Public Hearing process with a recommendation from the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board to the City Commission and may be initiated by the Planning Department or the Department of Resilience and Public Works. d. Recommendation for a Streetscape Master Plan designation The Planning Department or the Department of Resilience and Public Works shall prepare a recommendation for the designation of each Streetscape Master Plan. Each recommendation shall identify the proposed design guidelines and shall contain the following information: 1. A statement of the purposes of the Streetscape Master Plan specifying the substantial public interest involved and the objectives to be promoted by the Streetscape Master Plan. 2. The boundaries of the Streetscape Master Plan Area, if any, including a map and a general land description of the boundaries. 3. An explanation of the boundaries selected that meets the intent and requirements for the Streetscape Master Plan. 4. Appropriate maps and graphics and any design guidelines or regulations recommended to promote the purposes of the Streetscape Master Plan. e. Streetscape Master Plan Design Guidelines The requirements of this Code shall be effective in the adopted Streetscape Master Plan Area except as modified by the regulations of the Streetscape Master Plan and any proposed regulations or design guidelines adopted by the City Commission upon designation of the Streetscape Master Plan. The ordinance designating the Streetscape Master Plan shall be referenced in this Code with any specific regulations and design guidelines of the Streetscape Master Plan adopted by reference to this Code and maintained by the Planning Department.

or regulations recommended to promote the purposes of the Streetscape Master Plan. e. Streetscape Master Plan Design Guidelines The requirements of this Code shall be effective in the adopted Streetscape Master Plan Area except as modified by the regulations of the Streetscape Master Plan and any proposed regulations or design guidelines adopted by the City Commission upon designation of the Streetscape Master Plan. The ordinance designating the Streetscape Master Plan shall be referenced in this Code with any specific regulations and design guidelines of the Streetscape Master Plan adopted by reference to this Code and maintained by the Planning Department. f. Wynwood Streetscape Masterplan See NRD-1, Appendix J, of this Code. 3.13 SUSTAINABILITY 3.13.1 General Landscape requirements are as required in Article 9 of this Code and the City of Miami Tree Protection regulations of Chapter 17 of the City Code, except that where this Code is more restrictive than the Tree Protection regulations, this Code shall apply. a. All new Buildings of more than 50,000 square feet of Habitable Rooms or Habitable Space in the T5, T6, CI and CS zones shall be at a minimum certified as Silver by the United States Green Building Council (USGBC) Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) standards or equivalent standards adopted or approved by the City. b. At the time of Building Permit application, the owner shall submit: 1. Proof of registration with the Green Building Certification Institute, or equivalent agency; (a) A signed and sealed affidavit from a LEED Accredited Professional, or applicable designation, stating that the proposed Building is designed to achieve the required certification; and (b) A LEED Scorecard, or equivalent document, identifying anticipated credits to be achieved. (c) At the time of Certificate of Occupancy application, the owner shall submit: 2. Proof of certification by the Green Building Certification Institute, or equivalent agency; (a) A bond posted in a form acceptable to the City, in the amount indicated below; (b) Two percent (2%) of the total cost of construction for a 50,000 - 100,000 square feet Building; (i) Three percent (3%) of the total cost of construction for a 100,001 - 200,000 square feet Building; (ii) Four percent (4%) of the total cost of construction for any Building greater than 200,000 square feet; or (iii) Proof of partial compliance from the Green Building Certification Institute, or applicable agency, which demonstrates the credits presently achieved. In addition, a prorated portion of the full bond amount, as indicated in subsection 2(b) above, shall be posted based on the number of (c) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 52/614 3.13.2 Heat Island Effect The intent of this section is to reduce the heat island effect in the City of Miami and to consequently reduce energy consumption and bills for buildings within the City. remaining credits needed to meet minimum certification requirements. The bond amount to be posted shall be calculated as follows: (credits remaining for certification / credits required for certification) x full bond amount = prorated bond amount Forfeiture of

prorated portion of the full bond amount, as indicated in subsection 2(b) above, shall be posted based on the number of (c) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 52/614 3.13.2 Heat Island Effect The intent of this section is to reduce the heat island effect in the City of Miami and to consequently reduce energy consumption and bills for buildings within the City. remaining credits needed to meet minimum certification requirements. The bond amount to be posted shall be calculated as follows: (credits remaining for certification / credits required for certification) x full bond amount = prorated bond amount Forfeiture of Bond A bond under this Section 3.13.1 shall be forfeited to the City in the event that the Building does not meet the for LEED Silver certification or applicable certification. The City will draw down on the bond funds upon failure of the owner to submit proof of LEED Silver certification in a form acceptable to the City within one (1) year of the City’s issuance of the Certificate of Occupancy for the Building. If required certification is not achieved but a majority of the credits have been verified, the owner shall forfeit a portion of the bond based on any outstanding credits which shall be calculated as follows: (credits remaining for certification / credits required for certification) x full bond amount = bond amount forfeited If the amount to be forfeited is greater than fifty percent (50%) of the full bond amount, the bond shall be forfeited in its entirety. Funds that become available to the City from the forfeiture of the bond shall be placed in the Miami 21 Public Benefits Trust Fund established by this Code. 3. Affordable Housing Developments that qualify under Section 3.15, may elect to comply with the sustainability requirements promulgated by the Florida Housing Finance Corporation, or its successor agency, in lieu of the requirements set forth in Section 3.13.1.b above. c. The preservation of Natural Features such as trees, vegetation, geological, and other land characteristics and the preservation of archaeological features of significance are in the public interest. Said preservation may justify the relaxation of Setbacksplacement and number of Off-street Parking spaces, and driveway separation requirements by process of Waiver. The Zoning Administrator shall determine that the trees, vegetation, geological, and other natural characteristics or archaeological features are either in the Buildable Area of the Site, proposed location of the driveway or Parking, in the First Layer, or in the Public Right-of-Way immediately adjacent to the Lot. The Environmental Resources Division shall clarify that the species, size, health, and other characteristics of the Natural Features merit preservation. The Preservation Officer shall clarify that the archeological features merit preservation. d. Applicability In all Transect Zones, except T3, the provisions of this section are applicable to all new construction and to repair or replacement greater than fifty percent (50%) by area of existing roofs or site Hardscape. All repairs or replacement of existing roofing or Hardscape shall be reviewed by the Zoning Department for

Parking, in the First Layer, or in the Public Right-of-Way immediately adjacent to the Lot. The Environmental Resources Division shall clarify that the species, size, health, and other characteristics of the Natural Features merit preservation. The Preservation Officer shall clarify that the archeological features merit preservation. d. Applicability In all Transect Zones, except T3, the provisions of this section are applicable to all new construction and to repair or replacement greater than fifty percent (50%) by area of existing roofs or site Hardscape. All repairs or replacement of existing roofing or Hardscape shall be reviewed by the Zoning Department for compliance with this section. The following portions of new or existing roofs are exempted from the requirements of Section 3.13.2: a. The portion of the roof acting as a substructure for and covered by a rooftop deck, vegetation associated with an extensive or intensive green roof as defined by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, or any area of a roof utilized by photovoltaic and solar equipment. 1. A rooftop deck covering a maximum of 1/3 of the rooftop total gross area. 2. Existing roofs where less than fifty percent (50%) of existing roof area is repaired or replaced are exempt from the requirements of 3.13.2.c. 3. Existing Hardscapes where less than fifty percent (50%) of existing Hardscape area is being repaired or replaced are exempt from the requirements of 3.13.2.d. 4. Solar Reflectance b. For roofing materials, all roof exterior surfaces and building materials used to comply with this section, shall have a minimum Solar Reflectance as specified in sections 3.13.2.c and 3.13.2.d when (i) tested in accordance with ASTM E903 or ASTM E1918, (ii) tested with a portable reflectometer at near ambient conditions, (iii) labeled by the Cool Roof Rating Council, or (iv) labeled as an Energy Star qualified roof product. Any product that has been rated by the Cool Roof Rating Council or by Energy Star shall display a label verifying the rating of the product. 1. For paving materials, all paving materials used to comply with this section shall have a minimum solar reflectance as specified in sections 3.13.2.d when (i) tested in accordance with ASTM E903 or ASTM E1918, (ii) tested with a portable reflectometer at near ambient conditions, or (iii) default values of Solar Reflectance for listed materials may be used as follows: 2. Material Solar Reflectance Typical new gray concrete 0.35 Typical weathered gray concrete 0.20 Typical new white concrete 0.40 Typical weathered white concrete 0.40 New asphalt 0.05 Weathered asphalt 0.10 Roof c. Requirements for Low Sloped Roofs Roofing materials used in roofs with slopes of a rise of zero (0) units in a horizontal length (0:12 pitch) up to and including roofs with slopes of a rise of two (2) units in a horizontal length of 12 units (2:12 units) (“low-sloped”) shall meet the following requirements: 1. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 53/614 3.14 PUBLIC BENEFITS PROGRAM The intent of the Public Benefits Program established in this section is to allow bonus

concrete 0.20 Typical new white concrete 0.40 Typical weathered white concrete 0.40 New asphalt 0.05 Weathered asphalt 0.10 Roof c. Requirements for Low Sloped Roofs Roofing materials used in roofs with slopes of a rise of zero (0) units in a horizontal length (0:12 pitch) up to and including roofs with slopes of a rise of two (2) units in a horizontal length of 12 units (2:12 units) (“low-sloped”) shall meet the following requirements: 1. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 53/614 3.14 PUBLIC BENEFITS PROGRAM The intent of the Public Benefits Program established in this section is to allow bonus Building Height in T5 and T6 Zones, bonus FLR in T6 Zones, and bonus Building Height in D1 Zones, subject to certain conditions, in exchange for the developer’s contribution to specified programs that provide benefits to the public. 3.14.1 The bonus Height and FLR shall be permitted if the proposed Development contributes toward the specified public benefits, neighborhood enhancements, and/or Affordable/Workforce Housing above that which is otherwise required by this Code, in the amount and in the manner as set forth herein. T5 bonus Height 1. The bonus Height shall only be available to properties in a T5 Transect Zone that are not located within or Abutting the Neighborhood Conservation District (NCD) of Coral Gate (NCD-1), Village West Island District and Charles Avenue (NCD-2), or the Single-Family Residential District of the Coconut Grove NCD- 3, and satisfy one or more of the following circumstances: 2. For properties that fall under the above subsections 3.14.1(1)(a) through (d), the bonus Height shall be as follows: T5-O: five (5) Story maximum, bonus to eight (8) Stories; bonus Development Height shall only be permitted through Public Benefits pursuant to Section 3.14 and/or neighborhood enhancements as described below in an amount equivalent to the floor area of the proposed bonus floors, as follows: Low-sloped roofs constructed as part of a new building shall utilize roofing products that meet or exceed an initial reflectance value of 0.72 or a three-year installed reflectance value of 0.5 as determined by the Cool Roof Rating Council or by Energy Star. (a) Exception. Where more than 50% of the total gross area of the low-sloped roof is covered with vegetation associated with an extensive or intensive green roof as defined by the US EPA, the remainder of the roof shall have a reflectance value of a minimum of 0.30 and the rooftop deck exception in section 3.13.2.a.1 applies. (b) Exception. Ballasted roofs with a minimum of 15 lbs/sq. ft. or ballast over the entire roof surface may have a reflectance value of a minimum of 0.30. For the purposes of this section, “ballast” shall mean river rock aggregate or larger, pavers or other means of weighing down a roofing membrane over a substrate to resist wind uplift. (c) Requirements for Steep Sloped Roofs Roofing materials used in roofs with slopes of a rise greater than two (2) units in a horizontal length (2:12 pitch) (“steep-sloped”) shall meet the following requirements:

the rooftop deck exception in section 3.13.2.a.1 applies. (b) Exception. Ballasted roofs with a minimum of 15 lbs/sq. ft. or ballast over the entire roof surface may have a reflectance value of a minimum of 0.30. For the purposes of this section, “ballast” shall mean river rock aggregate or larger, pavers or other means of weighing down a roofing membrane over a substrate to resist wind uplift. (c) Requirements for Steep Sloped Roofs Roofing materials used in roofs with slopes of a rise greater than two (2) units in a horizontal length (2:12 pitch) (“steep-sloped”) shall meet the following requirements: 2. Steep sloped roofs shall have an initial Solar Reflectance of 0.15 or greater. (a) Requirements for Roofs with Multiple Slopes Roofs with multiple slopes shall be subject to those requirements applicable to the slope which covers the largest area of the building footprint. 3. Non-roof Requirements d. Provide any combination of the following strategies for fifty percent (50%) of the site Hardscape: 1. Shade from solar panels or roofing materials with a Solar Reflectance of at least 0.30. (a) Shade from trees within five (5) years of occupancy. (b) Paving materials with a Solar Reflectance of at least 0.30. (c) Pervious Pavement System. OR (d) Place a minimum of fifty-percent (50%) of parking spaces under cover (defined as underground, under deck, under roof, or under building). Any roof used to shade or cover parking must have a Solar Reflectance of at least 0.30. 2. T5-O site within a TOD not Abutting a T3 Transect Zone; or a. T5-O site within a TOD Abutting a T3 Transect Zone shall be by process of Exception with City Commission approval; or b. T5-O lots assembled and platted prior to Miami 21 that are more than 200,000 square feet shall be by process of Exception with City Commission approval; or c. T5 site that Abuts a D1 Transect Zone except when Abutting a T3 Transect Zone; or d. T5-O site within an Opportunity Zone and within a TOD or a quarter (1/4) mile of a Transit Corridor, but not Abutting a T3 Transect Zone. e. Landscape Enhancements: Development provides for native specimen street trees within the verge with a DBH of twenty-five percent (25%) above the typical standards required by Article 9 and City Code Chapter 17 and are specified within an adopted Street Tree Master Plan. For each tree provided on- site above twenty-five percent (25%) of the standard DBH required, a development shall be allowed an equivalent amount of Floor Area of anticipated mature canopy area provided up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.14.1. a. Park Improvements: As identified under Section 3.14.4.b improvements shall be coordinated with the City’s Capital Improvement Program within the associated Commission District. Nothing herein shall prohibit or limit an applicant under this section from making an additional voluntary contribution of amounts in excess of its obligation under this section to be used for Capital Improvements within the associated Commission District. b. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM

above twenty-five percent (25%) of the standard DBH required, a development shall be allowed an equivalent amount of Floor Area of anticipated mature canopy area provided up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.14.1. a. Park Improvements: As identified under Section 3.14.4.b improvements shall be coordinated with the City’s Capital Improvement Program within the associated Commission District. Nothing herein shall prohibit or limit an applicant under this section from making an additional voluntary contribution of amounts in excess of its obligation under this section to be used for Capital Improvements within the associated Commission District. b. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 54/614 3. For properties that fall under the above subsection 3.14.1(1)(e), the bonus Height shall be as follows: T5-O: five (5) Story maximum, bonus to eight (8) Stories; bonus Development Height shall only be permitted through the development of a mixed-income building with Dwelling Units provided as described below: T6 bonus Height The bonus shall not be available to properties in a T6 Zone if the property abuts a T3 Zone or in a T6-8 Zone if the property shares a property line with a CS Zone. 1. T6-8: eight Story maximum, bonus to twelve (12) Stories, FLR 5; bonus of twenty-five percent (25%) 2. T6-12: twelve (12) Story maximum, bonus to twenty (20) Stories, FLR 8, bonus of thirty percent (30%) 3. T6-24a: twenty-four (24) Story maximum, bonus to forty-eight (48) Stories, FLR 7, bonus of thirty percent (30%) 4. T6-24b: twenty-four (24) Story maximum, bonus to forty-eight (48) Stories, FLR 16, bonus of forty percent (40%) 5. T6-36a: thirty-six (36) Story maximum, bonus to sixty (60) Stories, FLR 12, bonus of forty percent (40%) 6. T6-36b: thirty-six (36) Story maximum, bonus up to sixty (60) Stories, FLR 22, bonus of forty percent (40%) 7. T6-48a: forty eight (48) Story maximum, bonus up to eighty (80) Stories, FLR 11, bonus of fifty percent (50%) 8. T6-48b: forty eight (48) Story maximum, bonus up to eighty (80) Stories, FLR 18, bonus of fifty percent (50%) 9. T6-60a: sixty (60) Story maximum, bonus up to unlimited Stories, FLR 11, bonus of fifty percent (50%) 10. T6-60b: sixty (60) Story maximum, bonus up to unlimited Stories, FLR 18, bonus of fifty percent (50%) 11. T6-80: eighty (80) Story maximum, bonus to unlimited Stories, FLR 24; bonus of fifty percent (50%). Transect Zone Heights are fully described in Article 5. In addition, certain other bonuses may be provided as follows: 12. Reserved 13. In T6 zones, additional Height and FLR for LEED certified Silver, Gold or Platinum Buildings as described in Section 3.14.4. 14. An additional Story in any zone for development of a Brownfield as described in Section 3.14.4. 15. In T6 zones additional Height and FLR for development that donates a Civic Space Type or Civil Support Use area to the City of Miami as described in Section 3.14.4. 16. In T6-24b zones, bonus Height and FLR shall be fully satisfied through the following requirements: i. For rental Residential

addition, certain other bonuses may be provided as follows: 12. Reserved 13. In T6 zones, additional Height and FLR for LEED certified Silver, Gold or Platinum Buildings as described in Section 3.14.4. 14. An additional Story in any zone for development of a Brownfield as described in Section 3.14.4. 15. In T6 zones additional Height and FLR for development that donates a Civic Space Type or Civil Support Use area to the City of Miami as described in Section 3.14.4. 16. In T6-24b zones, bonus Height and FLR shall be fully satisfied through the following requirements: i. For rental Residential Development, a minimum of fourteen percent (14%) of the units shall be provided as Workforce Housing or a minimum of seven percent (7%) of the units shall be provided as Affordable Housing. Pedestrian and Mobility Connections: Creating or improving pedestrian and mobility connections between the development site and a transit stop and/or other community-serving destinations such as parks, government buildings, and commercial corridors. Such connections may include, but are not limited to, City Right-of-Way crosswalks, sidewalk improvements, street trees, street furnishings, and, traffic calming improvements that are coordinated with the City’s Capital Improvements Program of the associated Commission District. c. The value of contributing pedestrian and mobility connection improvements shall be calculated and for said value, the development project shall be allowed additional bonus Height as described in Section 3.14.1. For all applicable purposes, such contributions shall be treated as a Trust Fund contribution pursuant to Section 3.14.4.b.(3). i. On-site Mobility Amenities: For development sites within a TOD area and five hundred (500) feet of the Underline, enhanced on-site mobility amenities may be provided over and above the required bicycle facilities identified within Section 3.6.10. Such mobility amenities include air-conditioned space, lockers, showers, bicycle repair stations, drinking fountains within the mobility amenity space, and increased bicycle storage providing at least twenty percent (20%) more bicycle spaces than required. If at least two of the preceding enhancements are provided, the Development shall be allowed bonus Height of an equivalent amount of Floor Area as described in Section 3.14.1. If at least three (3) of the preceding enhancements are provided, the Development shall be allowed bonus Height of two (2) times the amount of Floor Area as described in Section 3.14.1. If at least four (4) of the preceding enhancements are provided, the Development shall be allowed bonus Height of three (3) times the amount of Floor Area as described in Section 3.14.1. d. The value of contributing on-site mobility amenities shall be calculated and for said value, the development project shall be allowed additional bonus Height as described in Section 3.14.1. For all applicable purposes, such contributions shall be treated as a Trust Fund contribution pursuant to Section 3.14.4.b.(3). i. Certification by the City of Miami’s Housing and Community Development Department, or successor, that the proposed Development is a mixed-income building providing a minimum of ten percent (10%) of the Dwelling Units as Affordable/Workforce Housing serving residents at or below one

times the amount of Floor Area as described in Section 3.14.1. d. The value of contributing on-site mobility amenities shall be calculated and for said value, the development project shall be allowed additional bonus Height as described in Section 3.14.1. For all applicable purposes, such contributions shall be treated as a Trust Fund contribution pursuant to Section 3.14.4.b.(3). i. Certification by the City of Miami’s Housing and Community Development Department, or successor, that the proposed Development is a mixed-income building providing a minimum of ten percent (10%) of the Dwelling Units as Affordable/Workforce Housing serving residents at or below one hundred percent (100%) of the AMI. a. All Developments under this Section shall submit a recorded covenant running with the land in a form acceptable to the City of Miami, confirming the Development will meet the above criteria for a period of no less than thirty (30) years from the date of the issuance of a Certificate of Occupancy for homeownership or rental housing Development, with a minimum of two (2) automatic ten (10) year extensions that may only be released with City Commission approval. Said covenant shall meet all other requirements including those set forth in Chapter 62 of the City Code. b. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 55/614 ii. For ownership Residential Development, a minimum of ten percent (10%) of the units shall be provided as Workforce Housing or a minimum of five percent (5%) of the units shall be provided as Affordable Housing. iii. For all other development excluding ground floor Commercial and Office Uses, fourteen percent (14%) of the non-residential FLR shall be provided as a Trust Fund contribution as described in Section 3.14.4.a.(3). 17. In T6-8-O zones located in TOD areas, a proposed Development may obtain an additional two (2) Bonus FLR in addition to two (2) by Right FLR that is available only after fully utilizing all other Bonus FLR. There will be no limitations on the number of stories but a maximum Building Height of 179 feet (or 235 feet for developments which are 500 feet or more from T3) if the proposed Development meets one of the following criteria, as further described in Section 3.14.4: • For Office Development: Contributions to the Public Benefit Trust Fund for the purposes of developing Affordable/Workforce Housing at or below one hundred percent (100%) AMI. • For Residential Development: All bonus height and FLR is satisfied through the provision of on-site Affordable/Workforce Housing at or below one hundred percent (100%) of AMI. D bonus Height 1. D Zone: eight (8) Story maximum, bonus to ten (10) Stories. 3.14.2 Upon providing a binding commitment for the specified public benefits as provided in Section 3.14.3 below, the proposed development project shall be allowed to build within the restrictions of the specific Transect Zone, up to the bonus Height and FLR as established in this Section. The only square footage allowed above the maximum Height is that achieved through the bonus program. 3.14.3 The proposed bonus Height and FLR

through the provision of on-site Affordable/Workforce Housing at or below one hundred percent (100%) of AMI. D bonus Height 1. D Zone: eight (8) Story maximum, bonus to ten (10) Stories. 3.14.2 Upon providing a binding commitment for the specified public benefits as provided in Section 3.14.3 below, the proposed development project shall be allowed to build within the restrictions of the specific Transect Zone, up to the bonus Height and FLR as established in this Section. The only square footage allowed above the maximum Height is that achieved through the bonus program. 3.14.3 The proposed bonus Height and FLR shall be permitted in exchange for contribution to the City for the following public benefits: Affordable/Workforce Housing, Public Parks and Open Space, Green Buildings, Brownfields, and Civic Space or Civil Support space. The City shall establish a Miami 21 Public Benefits Trust Fund for the cash contributions for Affordable/Workforce Housing, Public Parks and Open Space, and Green Building certification shortfall penalty made under this section. The City Commission, upon the manager’s recommendation, shall annually decide the allocation of funds from the Trust Fund collected under this section. All cash contributions thus allocated by the Commission to support Affordable/Workforce Housing shall be deposited in the Affordable Housing Trust Fund for expenditures pursuant to the guidelines adopted by the City Commission. All cash contributions thus allocated by the Commission to support Parks and Open Space shall be deposited in the Parks and Open Space Trust Fund, set forth in Chapter 62 of the City Code, to be expended in accordance with the guidelines outlined therein. a. Definitions 1. Affordable/Workforce Housing shall mean: housing available to families which meet the qualifications as established by the City Housing and Community Development Department and as specifically defined in Article 1 and shall not exceed 100% AMI. 2. Public Parks and Open Space shall mean: Open Space meeting the standards of Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. 3. Green Building shall mean a Building certified by the United States Green Building Council (USGBC) as Silver, Gold or Platinum rated. 4. Brownfield shall mean: a site within the City that is subject to a Brownfield Site Rehabilitation Agreement (BSRA) executed between the property owner and the City Department of Economic Development. 3.14.4 For the purposes of the public benefits program, the following criteria shall apply: a. Affordable/Workforce Housing. The development project in a T6 zone may provide any of the following or combination thereof: 1. Affordable/Workforce Housing on site of the development. For each square foot of Afford­able/Workforce Housing priced at or below eighty percent (80%) area median income (including pertaining shared space such as parking and circulation) provided on site, the development shall be allowed three (3) square feet of additional area up to the bonus Height and FLR as described in Section 3.14.1. For each square foot of Affordable/Workforce Housing priced above eighty percent (80%) area median income (including pertaining shared space such as parking and circulation) provided on-site, the development shall be allowed

provide any of the following or combination thereof: 1. Affordable/Workforce Housing on site of the development. For each square foot of Afford­able/Workforce Housing priced at or below eighty percent (80%) area median income (including pertaining shared space such as parking and circulation) provided on site, the development shall be allowed three (3) square feet of additional area up to the bonus Height and FLR as described in Section 3.14.1. For each square foot of Affordable/Workforce Housing priced above eighty percent (80%) area median income (including pertaining shared space such as parking and circulation) provided on-site, the development shall be allowed an equivalent amount of development Floor Area up to the bonus Height and FLR as described in Section 3.14.1. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 56/614 2. Affordable/Workforce Housing off-site. For each square foot of Affordable/Workforce Housing (including pertaining shared space such as parking and circulation) provided off site, in a location within the City approved by the City Manager, the development shall be allowed an equivalent square footage of additional area up to the bonus Height and FLR as described in Section 3.14.1. No additional allowance is given for the purchase of the site. 3. Trust Fund contributions. For a cash contribution to the Miami 21 Public Benefit Trust Fund, the development shall be allowed additional Floor Area up to the bonus Height and FLR described in Section 3.14.1. The cash contribution shall be determined based on a percentage of the market value of the per square foot price being charged for units at projects within the market area where the proposed project seeking the bonus is located. The calculation assumes a land value per saleable or rentable square foot within market area to equate to between 10 (ten) to 15 (fifteen) percent of market area’s weighted average sales price per square foot. The cash contributions shall be adjusted on an annual basis to reflect market conditions effective October 1st of every year. b. Public Parks, Open Space, or Park Improvements. The development project may provide any of the following or combination thereof: 1. Public Park, or Open Space, provided through purchase and in an area of need identified by the City Parks and Open Space Master Plan and the City’s Parks Department. In addition park improvements provided through donation for Public Parks with amenity levels that are Moderate or that Need Improvement as defined by the Parks Department Facilities’ Assesment Report. i. For each square foot of dedicated public Park or Open Space provided, the development shall be allowed two times the development Floor Area of provided land up to the bonus Height and FLR as described in Section 3.14.1. The Open Space may be a Park, Green or Square, as more fully described in Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. ii. Park improvements shall be valuated and for said value the development project shall be allowed additional Floor Area up to the bonus Height and FLR described in Section 3.14.1 and shall for all applicable purposes be

Assesment Report. i. For each square foot of dedicated public Park or Open Space provided, the development shall be allowed two times the development Floor Area of provided land up to the bonus Height and FLR as described in Section 3.14.1. The Open Space may be a Park, Green or Square, as more fully described in Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. ii. Park improvements shall be valuated and for said value the development project shall be allowed additional Floor Area up to the bonus Height and FLR described in Section 3.14.1 and shall for all applicable purposes be treated as a Trust Fund contribution pursuant to Section 3.14.4.b.(3). iii. Park improvements for Public Parks in areas below 50% median income threshold shall be allowed two times the valuation credit. iv. Park improvements for Public Parks located within five hundred (500) feet of the development site and that are within a T5 Transect Zone and a TOD area shall be allowed two (2) times the valuation credit for up to 50% of the Floor Area. Park improvements for Public Parks located within five hundred (500) feet of the development site that are within a T5 Transect Zone and a TOD area with a Metrorail, Brightline or Tri-Rail station shall be allowed five (5) times the valuation credit for up to 50% of the Floor Area. v. Donations must meet all City requirements for design, equipment specifications, construction, warranties, etc. Park improvements are subject to review and approval by the City Manager or designee in accordance with Miami 21. 2. Public Open Space provided on-site in a location and of a design to be approved by the Planning Director. For each square foot of dedicated public Park or Open Space provided, the development shall be allowed an equivalent amount of development Floor Area up to the bonus Height and FLR as described in Section 3.14.1. The project shall maintain the Frontage requirements of the Transect Zone. The Open Space may be a Courtyard, Plaza, or Thoroughfare or Pedestrian Passage through the site connecting two (2) Thoroughfares, such as a segment of the Baywalk or FEC Greenway. See Article 4, Table 7. 3. Trust Fund contribution. For a cash contribution to the Miami 21 Public Benefits Trust Fund, the development project shall be allowed additional Floor Area up to the bonus Height and FLR described in Section 3.14.1. The cash contribution shall be determined based on a percentage of the market value of the per square foot price being charged for units at projects within the market area where the proposed project seeking the bonus is located. The calculation assumes a land value per saleable or rentable square foot within market area to equate to between 10 (ten) to 15 (fifteen) percent of market area’s weighted average sales price per square foot. The cash contributions shall be adjusted on an annual basis to reflect market conditions effective October 1st of every year. c. Historic Preservation. The second half of a Development’s

shall be determined based on a percentage of the market value of the per square foot price being charged for units at projects within the market area where the proposed project seeking the bonus is located. The calculation assumes a land value per saleable or rentable square foot within market area to equate to between 10 (ten) to 15 (fifteen) percent of market area’s weighted average sales price per square foot. The cash contributions shall be adjusted on an annual basis to reflect market conditions effective October 1st of every year. c. Historic Preservation. The second half of a Development’s requested Bonus Floor Area to the maximum bonus Height and FLR as described in Section 3.14.1 shall be allowed for additional square footage qualified under the city Transfer of Development Rights program established in Chapter 23, City Code. d. Green Building. Additional Height and FLR shall be allowed for Buildings certified by the U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC) or for Buildings in a T5 Transect zone within one-half (1/2) mile of a Metrorail, Brightline or Tri-Rail station certified by the Florida Green Building Coalition (FGBC) as follows: 1. Silver, USGBC: For Buildings under 50,000 sf, 2.0% of the floor lot ratio (FLR) 2. Silver, FGBC: 20% of the non-Bonus Floor Area in a T5 zone within one-half (1/2) mile of a Metrorail, Brightline or Tri-Rail station. 3. Gold, USGBC: 4.0% of the Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) 4. Gold, FGBC: 30% of the non-Bonus Floor Area in a T5 zone within one-half (1/2) mile of a Metrorail, Brightline or Tri-Rail station. 5. Platinum, USGBC: 13.0% of the Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) If at the time the first Certificate of Occupancy is issued for the Building that received a public benefits bonus for a Green Building, the anticipated LEED or FGBC certification, as applicable, has not been achieved, then the owner shall post a performance bond in a form acceptable to the City of Miami. The performance bond shall be determined based on the value of land per square foot of Building in the area of the City in which the proposed project is located, which may be adjusted from time to time based on market conditions. The methodology for determining the value of land per square foot of Building shall be maintained in the Planning Department. The City will draw down on the bond funds if LEED or FGBC certification, as applicable, has not been achieved and accepted by the City within one year of the City issuance of the Certificate of Occupancy for the Building. Funds that become available to the City from the forfeiture of the performance bond shall be placed in the Miami 21 Public Benefits Trust Fund established by this Code. e. Brownfields. One additional Story of Height shall be permitted for redevelopment on a Brownfield Site as defined herein. f. Civic Space Types and Civil Support Uses. For a development project in a T6 zone that donates a Civic Space Types or Civil Support Uses on

applicable, has not been achieved and accepted by the City within one year of the City issuance of the Certificate of Occupancy for the Building. Funds that become available to the City from the forfeiture of the performance bond shall be placed in the Miami 21 Public Benefits Trust Fund established by this Code. e. Brownfields. One additional Story of Height shall be permitted for redevelopment on a Brownfield Site as defined herein. f. Civic Space Types and Civil Support Uses. For a development project in a T6 zone that donates a Civic Space Types or Civil Support Uses on site to the City of Miami, an additional two square feet of area for each square foot of donated space or use, up to the bonus Height and FLR, shall be allowed. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 57/614 3.14.5 No Building permit shall be issued for bonus Height and FLR until the Zoning Administrator has certified compliance with the provisions of this section, upon referral and assurance of compliance from applicable departments. Certification shall be made only after a certified check has been deposited and cleared to the Miami 21 Public Benefits Trust Fund or, for non cash contributions, a binding commitment has been approved by the City Manager. The cash contribution shall be nonrefundable. 3.15 AFFORDABLE AND ATTAINABLE MIXED-INCOME HOUSING SPECIAL BENEFIT PROGRAM SUPPLEMENTAL REGULATIONS The intent of the Affordable Housing special benefit program established in this section is to facilitate the development of high quality Affordable Housing in the City by providing development incentives, including, but not limited to, modifications of architectural/design standards and parking reductions. 3.15.1 As a pre-requisite to qualify as an Affordable Housing Development eligible for any of the special benefits described in Section 3.15, an applicant shall submit to the Office of Zoning a recorded covenant running with the land acceptable to the City of Miami confirming the property will meet the criteria in subsection (a) or (b) below for a period of no less than thirty (30) years from the date of the issuance of a final Certificate of Occupancy or Temporary Certificate of Occupancy, whichever is issued first, and Certification by the City’s Housing and Community Development Department, or successor Department, that the proposed Development will provide: a. A minimum of eighty percent (80%) of the Dwelling Units (Multi-family or Elderly) as Affordable Housing serving residents at or below sixty percent (60%) of the area median income (AMI) as published by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development annually; b. If the Development is not restricted to elderly residents and is located within a Residential Density Increase Area as set forth in Article 4, Diagram 9 of the Miami 21 Code, that the proposed Development is a mixed-income building providing at least: 3.15.2 As a pre-requisite to qualify as an Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Development eligible for any of the special benefits described in Section 3.15, an applicant shall submit to the Office of Zoning: a. Certification by the City’s Housing

of the area median income (AMI) as published by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development annually; b. If the Development is not restricted to elderly residents and is located within a Residential Density Increase Area as set forth in Article 4, Diagram 9 of the Miami 21 Code, that the proposed Development is a mixed-income building providing at least: 3.15.2 As a pre-requisite to qualify as an Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Development eligible for any of the special benefits described in Section 3.15, an applicant shall submit to the Office of Zoning: a. Certification by the City’s Housing and Community Development Department that the proposed Development will provide a minimum of forty percent (40%) of the Dwelling Units as Affordable Housing serving residents at or below sixty percent (60%) of AMI, a minimum of ten percent (10%) of the Dwelling Units above sixty percent (60%) of the AMI and at or below eighty percent (80%) of the AMI, a maximum of ten percent (10%) of the Dwelling Units at any price, and the remainder of the Dwelling Units above sixty percent (60%) of the AMI and at or below one hundred percent (100%) of the AMI; or b. Certification by the City’s Housing and Communityand Economic Development Department that the proposed Development will provide a minimum of twenty percent (20%) of the Dwelling Units as Affordable Housing serving residents at or below fifty percent (50%) of AMI, a minimum of ten percent (10%) of the Dwelling Units above sixty percent (60%) of the AMI and at or below eighty percent (80%) of the AMI, a maximum of ten percent (10%) of the Dwelling Units at any price, and the remainder of the Dwelling Units as Workforce Housing above sixty percent (60%) of the AMI and at or below one hundred percent (100%) of the AMI. c. All Developments under this Section must also submit verification that the proposed Development is within a quarter (¼) mile of a Transit Corridor, or within a TOD area. d. All Developments under this Section must also submit a recorded covenant running with the land acceptable to the City of Miami, confirming the property will meet the criteria in subsection (a) above for a period of no less than thirty (30) years from the date of the issuance of a final Certificate of Occupancy for homeownership or rental housing Development, with two (2) automatic ten (10) year extensions for Development that contains any rental housing that may be released by a vote of the City Commission. Such covenant must also meet all other requirements including those set forth in Chapter 62 of the City Code. 3.15.3 forty percent (40%) of the units as Affordable Housing serving residents at or below sixty percent (60%) of AMI; or i. twenty percent (20%) of the units as Affordable Housing serving residents at or below fifty percent (50%) of AMI. ii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 58/614 Affordable and Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Developments that are zoned T3

automatic ten (10) year extensions for Development that contains any rental housing that may be released by a vote of the City Commission. Such covenant must also meet all other requirements including those set forth in Chapter 62 of the City Code. 3.15.3 forty percent (40%) of the units as Affordable Housing serving residents at or below sixty percent (60%) of AMI; or i. twenty percent (20%) of the units as Affordable Housing serving residents at or below fifty percent (50%) of AMI. ii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 58/614 Affordable and Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Developments that are zoned T3 are not eligible for the provisions in Section 3.15. All Affordable and Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Developments where all Dwelling Units are at or below eighty percent (80%) AMI or that are Government or religious institution Developments, whether owned or leased by the City, County, CRA, or a religious institution, that abut a T3 Zone are permitted by Exception with City Commission approval in accordance with Article 4, Table 12. All Affordable and Attainable Mixed-Income Developments that share a property line with a T3 Zone shall provide a buffer appropriate to the context in accordance with Article 4, Table 12. Affordableand Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Developments that are zoned T4 or abut a T4 Zone shall require a Warrant for consideration under Section 3.15. 3.15.4 In place of any conflicting provisions elsewhere in this Code, Affordable and Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Developments may be developed in accordance with the following, subject to a Warrant: a. Height 1. T4: Maximum building height of 40 feet with no limitation on the number of Stories for homeownership Development; 2. T5: Maximum building height of 75 feet with no limitation on the number of Stories; 3. T6-8: Maximum building height of 125 feet with no limitation on the number of Stories; 4. T6-12: Maximum building height of 240 feet with no limitation on the number of Stories; b. Intensity 1. T6-8: An Attainable-Mixed Income Development that utilizes the provisions of Section 3.15.6.a may receive an additional twenty-five percent (25%) bonus FLR. c. Minimum Size 1. A one-bedroom Dwelling Unit shall have a minimum size of five hundred (500) square feet. 2. A two-bedroom Dwelling Unit shall have a minimum size of six hundred (600) square feet. d. Parking may extend into the Second Layer above the first Story along all Frontages. The Façade of a parking garage that is not concealed behind a Habitable Liner shall be screened to conceal from view all internal elements including, but not limited to, vehicles, plumbing pipes, fans, ducts and all lighting. The size, location, and materials for such screening elements shall be reviewed by Waiver with referral to the Planning Department. e. Pedestrian or Vehicular Cross Block Passages shall not be required. f. Development Abutting two (2) or more Thoroughfares shall have only one (1) Principal Frontage and shall not be subject to the minimum Principal Frontage Line requirement. Determination of which Frontage is to serve as the Principal Frontage

that is not concealed behind a Habitable Liner shall be screened to conceal from view all internal elements including, but not limited to, vehicles, plumbing pipes, fans, ducts and all lighting. The size, location, and materials for such screening elements shall be reviewed by Waiver with referral to the Planning Department. e. Pedestrian or Vehicular Cross Block Passages shall not be required. f. Development Abutting two (2) or more Thoroughfares shall have only one (1) Principal Frontage and shall not be subject to the minimum Principal Frontage Line requirement. Determination of which Frontage is to serve as the Principal Frontage shall be made by the Planning Director upon request by the Zoning Administrator. g. Development shall not be subject to maximum Lot Area requirements. h. Development in T6 Zones shall be exempt from complying with the requirements contained in Sections 5.6.1 (h) and 5.6.2 (b). i. Setback requirements above the eighth floor may be modified by Waiver for Development in T6 Zones. 3.15.5 Parking requirements for those units that qualify as Affordable or Attainable Mixed-Income Housing may be reduced as stated below. The parking reductions below may be cumulative; however in no event shall parking be reduced by more than eighty percent (80%) of the spaces required. a. A thirty-five percent (35%) reduction in required parking is permitted by Right. b. Within a Transit Oriented Development (TOD), an additional reduction of fifteen percent (15%) of required parking is permitted by Right and an additional reduction of fifteen percent (15%) of required parking is permitted for Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Projects by Waiver. c. An additional reduction of up to fifteen percent (15%) of required parking may be permitted by Warrant, upon a showing that the reduction in off-street parking is justified in view of the nature and type of prospective occupancy and the economic circumstances involved, and that the impacts from such reduction are not likely to unduly burden traffic and parking facilities in the neighborhood. d. Parking for development proposals providing Housing for the Elderly may be reduced by Warrant to provide a maximum of one (1) parking space per every two (2) Dwelling Units provided as Elderly Housing, upon a showing that the reduction in off-street parking is justified in view of the nature and type of prospective occupancy and the economic circumstances involved, and that the impacts from such reduction are not likely to unduly burden traffic and parking facilities in the neighborhood. e. Affordable or Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Developments whose parking has been reduced under the terms set forth in Section 3.15 will continue to operate under the recorded covenant described in Subsection 3.15.1 or 3.15.2, until parking requirements applicable at the time of release are met. 3.15.6 In addition to the Development incentives listed above, Affordable Housing and Attainable Mixed-Income Housing projects shall be afforded Density bonuses as follows: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 59/614 a. Any Development that meets all the required criteria in Subsection 3.15.2 and provides a minimum of ten percent (10%) of

parking facilities in the neighborhood. e. Affordable or Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Developments whose parking has been reduced under the terms set forth in Section 3.15 will continue to operate under the recorded covenant described in Subsection 3.15.1 or 3.15.2, until parking requirements applicable at the time of release are met. 3.15.6 In addition to the Development incentives listed above, Affordable Housing and Attainable Mixed-Income Housing projects shall be afforded Density bonuses as follows: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 59/614 a. Any Development that meets all the required criteria in Subsection 3.15.2 and provides a minimum of ten percent (10%) of the Dwelling Units as Extremely Low Income as defined herein shall be provided a one hundred percent (100%) Density bonus. The Development after the Density bonus shall maintain the affordable and workforce housing mix described in 3.15.2 (a) or 3.15.2 (b), whichever is appliable, and shall provide ten percent (10%) of the Dwelling Units as Extremely Low Income Housing for the entire Development. b. Any Development that meets all the required criteria in Subsection 3.15.2 and provides a minimum of five percent (5%) of the Dwelling Units as Extremely Low Income as defined herein shall be provided a fifty percent (50%) Density bonus for rental Development or a one hundred percent (100%) Density bonus for Development that is entirely comprised of homeownership units. The Development after the Density bonus shall maintain the affordable and workforce housing mix described in 3.15.2 (a) or 3.15.2 (b), whichever is appliable, and shall provide five percent (5%) of the Dwelling Units as Extremely Low Income Housing for the entire Development. c. Any Affordable Housing Development that is entirely comprised of Dwelling Units that are Housing for the Elderly serving residents at or below sixty percent (60%) of Area Median Income (AMI) shall be provided a one hundred percent (100%) Density bonus. Developments that meet these criteria may be developed in accordance with Subsection 3.15.4 By Right. d. Affordable and Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Transfer of Development Density Program. A Development shall be eligible to sell excess as-of-right density permitted within the underlining Transect Zone provided the development satisfies all of the following: In such cases, the City shall permit the owner, or successor in interest, to transfer the difference between the number of to be constructed Affordable/Attainable Housing units at the eligible property and the as-of-right density of the property. Eligible off-site properties may receive up to fifty percent (50%) increase above allowable Density. The City shall permit the density transfer without requiring provision of Workforce Housing or Affordable Housing at the receiving property. For purposes of this section, an eligible receiving site shall mean any property that satisfies all the following: Upon the City’s issuance of a building permit for construction of an Affordable/Attainable project qualifying under this section, the City’s Zoning Administrator, or designee, shall issue a Certificate of Eligibility confirming that the Owner is entitled to sell the unused density to an eligible receiving property. The City’s Zoning Administrator shall be notified

up to fifty percent (50%) increase above allowable Density. The City shall permit the density transfer without requiring provision of Workforce Housing or Affordable Housing at the receiving property. For purposes of this section, an eligible receiving site shall mean any property that satisfies all the following: Upon the City’s issuance of a building permit for construction of an Affordable/Attainable project qualifying under this section, the City’s Zoning Administrator, or designee, shall issue a Certificate of Eligibility confirming that the Owner is entitled to sell the unused density to an eligible receiving property. The City’s Zoning Administrator shall be notified of each transfer of density and the Zoning Administrator shall issue a Certificate of Transfer confirming the sale of the units and the balance of units eligible to be transferred after each transfer transaction, to be recorded in the public records of Miami-Dade County. A percentage of proceeds of each transfer shall be contributed to the City’s Affordable Housing Trust Fund or to the applicable CRA for implementation of the CRA master plan. A final contribution amount of between fifteen to twenty-five percent (15% - 25%) of the proceeds shall be negotiated and determined by the City Manager or designee. 3.15.7 Notwithstanding any conflicting provisions elsewhere in this Code, City-owned Lots located wholly within a T5 and/or T6 Transect Zone with Developments qualified under Section 3.15.1 or Section 3.15.2 and meeting the requirements of Subsection (a) may be developed as provided in Subsection (b). (a) Requirements: (1) The proposed Development shall be within a quarter (1⁄4) mile of a Transit Corridor or a half (1/2) mile of a TOD; and (2) The proposed Development shall not Abut a T3 Transect Zone. (b) Qualifying Developments pursuant to this Section may be developed by Waiver as follows: (1) The Development’s maximum Density may be increased by one hundred percent (100%) over and above the base amount allowed for the corresponding Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan Future Land Use Designation unless located in a Residential Density Increase Area, in which case such Density shall be subject to the provisions of Section 3.3.1. Meets the criteria in Subsection 3.15.2; i. Includes a minimum 200 Attainable Mixed-Income Housing units; and ii. Located within a Community Redevelopment Area (CRA). iii. Located within a T5, T6, or CI-HD Transect Zone; i. Located within a Transit Oriented Development area or Transit Corridor; and ii. Eligible to increase its Density by being consistent with the Interpretation of the Future Land Use Map of the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan (MCNP). iii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 60/614 (2) The Development’s maximum FLR shall be as allowed by the corresponding Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan Future Land Use Designation for the Lot subject to the provisions of Section 3.3.1. (3) For T5 and T6-8, the maximum Building Height shall be 125 feet with no limitation on the number of Stories. (4) Setbacks shall be provided pursuant to the underlying Transect up to the maximum Height allowed in this Subsection. (5) Parking may extend

by being consistent with the Interpretation of the Future Land Use Map of the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan (MCNP). iii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 60/614 (2) The Development’s maximum FLR shall be as allowed by the corresponding Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan Future Land Use Designation for the Lot subject to the provisions of Section 3.3.1. (3) For T5 and T6-8, the maximum Building Height shall be 125 feet with no limitation on the number of Stories. (4) Setbacks shall be provided pursuant to the underlying Transect up to the maximum Height allowed in this Subsection. (5) Parking may extend into the Second Layer at or above the first Story along all Frontages. The Facade of a parking garage that is not concealed behind a Habitable Liner shall be screened to conceal from view all internal elements including, but not limited to, vehicles, plumbing pipes, fans, ducts, and all lighting. The size, location, and materials for such screening elements shall be reviewed by Waiver with referral to the Planning Department. (6) Parking may be provided pursuant to Section 3.15.5 provided that parking reductions within a TOD may be attained within a Transit Corridor. (7) Allow Tandem Parking by both a valet operator or for residential self-parking provided that the total number of spaces is equal to or greater than the number of units with one (1) Tandem Parking space satisfying one (1) required parking space. Each Tandem Parking space for residential self-parking shall serve a single residential unit. (8) Development Abutting two (2) or more Thoroughfares shall have only one (1) Principal Frontage and shall not be subject to the minimum Principal Frontage Line requirement. Determination of which Frontage is to serve as the Principal Frontage shall be made by the Planning Director upon request by the Zoning Administrator. (c) The requirements set forth in Subsections (a) and (b) above shall not apply to any properties wholly located in City Commission District 2 or 4. 3.16 WORKFORCE HOUSING SPECIAL BENEFIT PROGRAM SUPPLEMENTAL REGULATIONS 3.16.1 As a pre-requisite to qualify as an Attainable Workforce Housing Development eligible for any of the special benefits described in Section 3.16, an applicant shall submit to the Office of Zoning: a. Certification by the City’s Housing and Community Development Department that the proposed Development will provide a minimum of twenty-five percent (25%) of the Dwelling Units as Workforce Housing serving residents above sixty percent (60%) of the area median income (“AMI”) and at or below eighty percent (80%) of the AMI as published by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (“HUD”) annually; and the proposed Development will provide the remaining Dwelling Units as Workforce Housing serving residents above sixty percent (60%) of the AMI and at or below one hundred percent (100%) of the AMI as published by HUD annually; b. Verification that the proposed Development is within a quarter (¼) mile from a Transit Corridor or a half (½) mile from a Transit Oriented Development (“TOD”); and c. A recorded covenant

of the area median income (“AMI”) and at or below eighty percent (80%) of the AMI as published by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (“HUD”) annually; and the proposed Development will provide the remaining Dwelling Units as Workforce Housing serving residents above sixty percent (60%) of the AMI and at or below one hundred percent (100%) of the AMI as published by HUD annually; b. Verification that the proposed Development is within a quarter (¼) mile from a Transit Corridor or a half (½) mile from a Transit Oriented Development (“TOD”); and c. A recorded covenant running with the land, in a form acceptable to the City Attorney, requiring the property meet the criteria in Subsection (a) above for a period of no less than thirty (30) years from the date of the issuance of a temporary or final Certificate of Occupancy, whichever is issued first. 3.16.2 Attainable Workforce Housing Developments that Abut a T3 Zone are not eligible for the provisions in Section 3.16. Attainable Workforce Housing Developments that abut a T4 Zone shall require a Warrant for consideration under Section 3.16. 3.16.3 Notwithstanding any conflicting provisions elsewhere in this Code, Attainable Workforce Housing Developments may be developed in accordance with the following, subject to a Warrant: a. Height 1. T5: Maximum building height of seventy-five (75) feet with no limitation on the number of Stories; 2. T6-8: Maximum building height of one hundred twenty-five (125) feet with no limitation on the number of Stories; 3. T6-12: Maximum building height of two hundred forty (240) feet with no limitation on the number of Stories; b. Parking may extend into the Second Layer above the first Story along all Frontages. The Façade of a parking garage that is not concealed behind a Habitable Liner shall be screened to conceal from view all internal elements including, but not limited to, vehicles, plumbing pipes, fans, ducts and all lighting. The size, location, and materials for such screening elements shall be reviewed by the Planning Department. c. Pedestrian or Vehicular Cross Block Passages shall not be required. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 61/614 d. Developments abutting two (2) or more Thoroughfares shall have only one (1) Principal Frontage and shall not be subject to the minimum Principal Frontage Line requirement. Determination of which Frontage is to serve as the Principal Frontage shall be made by the Planning Director upon request by the Zoning Administrator. e. Developments shall not be subject to maximum Lot Area requirements. f. Developments in T6 Zones shall be exempt from complying with the requirements contained in Sections 5.6.1(h) and 5.6.2(b). g. Setback requirements above the eighth floor may be modified for Developments in T6 Zones. 3.16.4 Parking requirements for those units that qualify as Attainable Workforce Housing may be reduced as stated below. The parking reductions below may be cumulative; however, in no event shall parking be reduced by more than eighty percent (80%) of the spaces required. a. A thirty-five percent (35%) reduction in

request by the Zoning Administrator. e. Developments shall not be subject to maximum Lot Area requirements. f. Developments in T6 Zones shall be exempt from complying with the requirements contained in Sections 5.6.1(h) and 5.6.2(b). g. Setback requirements above the eighth floor may be modified for Developments in T6 Zones. 3.16.4 Parking requirements for those units that qualify as Attainable Workforce Housing may be reduced as stated below. The parking reductions below may be cumulative; however, in no event shall parking be reduced by more than eighty percent (80%) of the spaces required. a. A thirty-five percent (35%) reduction in required parking is permitted by Right. b. Within a TOD, an additional reduction of fifteen percent (15%) of required parking is permitted by Right and an additional reduction of fifteen percent (15%) of required parking is permitted for Attainable Workforce Housing Projects by Waiver. c. An additional reduction of up to fifteen percent (15%) of required parking may be permitted by Warrant, upon a showing that the reduction in off-street parking is justified in view of the nature and type of prospective occupancy and the economic circumstances involved, and that the impacts from such reduction are not likely to unduly burden traffic and parking facilities in the neighborhood. d. Attainable Workforce Housing Developments whose parking has been reduced under the terms set forth in Section 3.16 will continue to operate under the recorded covenant described in Subsection 3.16.1(c), until parking requirements applicable at the time of release are met. 3.17 PUBLIC ART REQUIREMENTS Government Development Projects shall comply with all applicable provisions of the Public Art Program pursuant to Article 11 of this Code and Chapter 62, Article XVI, of the City Code, as applicable.

ARTICLE 4 . STANDARDS AND TABLES Amendments to Article 4 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13165 04-22-2010 Marine Related and Childcare Uses in CS Transect 10-00285zt 13164 04-22-2010 Alcohol Uses by Exception 10-00287zt 13176 05-13-2010 D1 Density 10-00361zt 13235 11-18-2010 Minor and non-substantial modifications through- out the Code 10-00956zt 13238 12-16-2010 Requirements for sheds and other structures; loading berth substitutions; requirements for child are facilities; requirements for public and commercial storage facilities; distance separa- tion requirements for ALF’s; distance separation requirements for uses and structures 10-00963zt 13239 12-16-2010 Parking ratios for Educational Facilities 10-00964zt 13281 07-28-2011 Regional Activity Complex permissibility and sign regulations for same 11-00588zt 13290 10-27-2011 Minor modifications to Article 4 11-00585zt 13307 01-26-2012 Public Storage Facilities modifications 11-00875zt 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 62/614 TABLE 1 TRANSECT ZONE DESCRIPTION ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13452 04-24-2014 Amend Article 4, Table 7; Public Benefits for Park Improvements 13-01088zt 13464 05-22-2014 Update Article 4 Table 12; Sign Standards 12-00941zt1 13507 03-12-2015 Modification of Article 4, Table 2 to include T6-24b 14-01198zt 13565 10-22-2015 Amend Transit Corridor Definition and Standards for Parking Reductions 14-01076zt1 13695 07-13-2017 Civic space zones density, intensity, and parking requirements. 2289 13729 12-14-2017 Micro dwelling units definitions, and residental density intensity and parking requirements. 3108 13743 01-25-2018 Alcohol Service Establishment, Food Service Establishment, and supplemental regulations. 1972 13851 06-27-2018 Amusement Rides 13787 09-13-2018 Definitions, Bike Sheds, TOD, Lots and Frontages. 13787 09-13- 2018 Transfer of Development Density 13856 07-25-2019 Parking for recreational facilities. 13961 12-10-2020 Streetscape Enhancements Throughout The City of Miami 13962 01-28- 2021 Modifies regulations for density and uses for the district zone regarding lodging uses 14034 11-08-2021 Provides for off-site loading within an established downtown Flagler parking district area by process of waiver in certain T6 transect zones 14065 04-28-2022 Changes the method by which the parking ratio may be reduced within a transit corridor from a waiver process to the process of an exception with city commission approval 14110 04-06-2022 Amend Article 4 Table 12; Design Review Criteria 11824 14127 11-17-2022 Amend Article 4, Table 4; Standards and Tables/Density, Intensity and Parking 12770 14149 02-09-2023 Amend Article 4, Table 4; "Density, Intensity and Parking" Changes the method by which the Parking Ratio may be reduced within opportunity zones. 12840 14183 06-08-2023 To allow and establish definitions and regulations for Co-Living Residential Uses. 13541 14188 06-22-2023 To allow educational uses by right in T6 transect zone in certain circumstances. 13775 14200 07-27-2023 Amends Article 1, Article 4, Article 5, Article 8, and Article 9. The changes clarify and introduce new frontage-related definitions, illustrations, modify T5 and T6 height requirements and add tree placement flexibility. 13627 14235 11-16-2023 Clarify Waiver processes relating to substitution of loading berths 14196 14238 11-16-2023 To permit Civic Community Facilities uses in T4-R 14682 14306 09-30-2024 Allows two dwelling units on a legal nonconforming substandard lot zoned T3-O 16173

right in T6 transect zone in certain circumstances. 13775 14200 07-27-2023 Amends Article 1, Article 4, Article 5, Article 8, and Article 9. The changes clarify and introduce new frontage-related definitions, illustrations, modify T5 and T6 height requirements and add tree placement flexibility. 13627 14235 11-16-2023 Clarify Waiver processes relating to substitution of loading berths 14196 14238 11-16-2023 To permit Civic Community Facilities uses in T4-R 14682 14306 09-30-2024 Allows two dwelling units on a legal nonconforming substandard lot zoned T3-O 16173

ARTICLE 4 . TABLE 1 TRANSECT ZONE DESCRIPTIONS 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 63/614 T1 THE NATURAL ZONE consists of lands approximating a wilderness condition, permanently set aside for conservation in an essentially natural state. T2 THE RURAL ZONE consists of lands in open or cultivated state or sparsely settled. These include woodland, grassland and agricultural land. T3 THE SUB- URBAN ZONE consists of low- Density areas, primarily comprised of Single-Family and Two Family residential units with relatively deep Setbacks, Streetscapes with swales, and with or without Sidewalks. Blocks may be large and the roads may be of irregular geometry to accommodate natural and historic conditions. T4 THE GENERAL URBAN ZONE consists of a Mixed-Use but primarily residential urban fabric with a range of Building types including rowhouses, small apartment Buildings, and bungalow courts. Setbacks are short with an urban Streetscape of wide Sidewalks and trees in planters. Thoroughfares typically define mediumsized blocks. T5 THE URBAN CENTER ZONE consists of higher Density Mixed-Use Building types that accommodate retail and office Uses, rowhouses and apartments. A network of small blocks has Thoroughfares with wide Sidewalks, steady street tree planting and Buildings set close to the Frontages with frequent doors and windows. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 64/614 TABLE 2 MIAMI21 SUMMARY T6 THE URBAN CORE ZONE consists of the highest Density and greatest variety of Uses, including Civic Buildings of regional importance. A network of small blocks has Thoroughfares with wide Sidewalks, with steady tree planting and Buildings set close to the Frontage with frequent doors and windows. C THE CIVIC ZONE consists of public use space and facilities that may contrast in use to their surroundings while reflecting adjacent Setbacks and landscape. D THE DISTRICT ZONE consists of the least regulated Building and accommodates commercial and industrial Uses of a scale and with a Streetscape that facilitate vehicular access.

ARTICLE 4 . TABLE 2 MIAMI 21 SUMMARY RURAL URBAN DISTRICTS CIVIC T1 T2 T3 T4 T5 T6-8 T6-12 T6-24 T6-36 T6-48 T6-60 T6-80 D1 D2 D3 CI-HD LOT OCCUPATION NATURAL ZONE RURAL ZONE SUB-URBAN ZONE GENERAL URBAN ZONE URBAN CENTER ZONE URBAN CORE ZONES WORK PLACE INDUSTRIAL WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min. 1,400 s.f. - 20,000 s.f. ** 1,200 s.f. - 40,000 s.f.** 5,000 sf. min 40,000 s.f. max.** 5,000 sf. min 70,000 s.f. max.** 5,000 sf. min 100,000 s.f. max.** 5,000 s.f. min. 5,000 s.f. min. 5,000 s.f. min. 5,000 s.f. min. 5,000 s.f. min. 5,000 s.f. min. 10,000 s.f. min. 10,000 s.f. min. b. Lot Width 50 ft. min. 16 ft. min / 50 ft. min.** 16 ft. min / 50 ft. min.** 50 ft. min. 50 ft. min. 50 ft. min. 100 ft. min. 100 ft. min. 100 ft. min. 100 ft. min. 50 ft. min. 50 ft. min. 100 ft. min. 50 ft. min. c. Lot Coverage 50% max.1st Floor 30% max. 2nd Floor for T3 R & T3L only 60% max. 80% max.** 80% max.** 80% max.** 80% max.** 80% max 80% max 80% max 80% max 80% max 90% max 90% max 80% max d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) 5 / 25% additional Public Benefit *** 8 / 30% additional Public Benefit *** a. 7 / 30% additional Public Benefit or b.16 / 40% additional Public Benefit *** a.12 or b.22 / 40% additional Public Benefit *** a.11 or b.18 / 50% additional Public Benefit *** a.11 or b.18 / 50% additional Public Benefit *** 24 / 50% additional Public Benefit *** 8 e. Frontage at front Setback 50% min. 70% min. 70% min. 70% min. 70% min. 70% min. 70% min. 70% min. 70% min. None None None None f. Green / Open Space Requirements 25% Lot Area min. 15% Lot Area min. 10% Lot Area min. 10% Lot Area min. 10% Lot Area min. 10% Lot Area min. 10% Lot Area min. 10% Lot Area min. 10% Lot Area min. 10% Lot Area min. 5% Lot Area min. 5% Lot Area min. 5% Lot Area min. 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 9-18 du/acre max.** 36 du/acre max. 65 du/acre max. 150 du /acre * 150 du /acre * 150 du /acre * 150 du /acre * 150 du /acre * 150 du /acre * 150 du /acre * 36 du/acre max. 150 du /acre * BUILDING SETBACK a. Principal Front 20 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 5 ft. min. 10 ft. min. b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 5 ft.

* 150 du /acre * 36 du/acre max. 150 du /acre * BUILDING SETBACK a. Principal Front 20 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 5 ft. min. 10 ft. min. b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 10 ft. min. 5 ft. min 10 ft. min. c. Side 5 ft. min.** 0 ft. min. / 5 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** d. Rear 20 ft. min. 20 ft. min. 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** 0 ft. min.** OUTBUILDING SETBACK a. Principal Front 20 ft. min. (T3L only) 30 ft. min. b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min. (T3L only) 10 ft. min. c. Side 5 ft. min. (T3L only) 0 ft. min. / 5 ft. min. d. Rear 5 ft. min. (T3L only) 5 ft. min. PRIVATE FRONTAGES a. Common Lawn permitted permitted prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited b. Porch & Fence permitted permitted prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited c. Terrace or L.C. prohibited permitted prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited d. Forecourt prohibited permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted e. Stoop prohibited permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 65/614 * Or as modified in Diagram 9 ** Note: Refer to Article 5 for Specific Transect Zone Regulations *** Note: Bonus shall not be available for T6 properties abutting T3 properties (refer to Article 3) TABLE 3 BUILDING FUNCTION: USES RURAL URBAN DISTRICTS CIVIC f. Shopfront prohibited permitted (T4L, T4O) permitted (T5L, T5O) permitted (T6-8 L, T6-8 O) permitted (T6- 12 L, T12-8 O) permitted (T6-24 L, T6-24 O) permitted (T6- 36 L, T6-36 O) permitted (T6- 48 L, T6-48 O) permitted (T6- 60 L, T6-60 O) permitted (T6- 80 L, T6-80 O) permitted permitted permitted permitted g. Gallery prohibited prohibited permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** h. Arcade prohibited prohibited permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** BUILDING HEIGHT (Stories) a. Principal Building 2 max. 3 max.

O) permitted (T6-24 L, T6-24 O) permitted (T6- 36 L, T6-36 O) permitted (T6- 48 L, T6-48 O) permitted (T6- 60 L, T6-60 O) permitted (T6- 80 L, T6-80 O) permitted permitted permitted permitted g. Gallery prohibited prohibited permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** h. Arcade prohibited prohibited permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** permitted ** BUILDING HEIGHT (Stories) a. Principal Building 2 max. 3 max. 2 min. 5 max. 2 min. 8 max. 2 min. 12 max. 2 min. 24 max. 2 min. 36 max. 2 min. 48 max. 2 min. 60 max. 2 min. 80 max. none 8 max. none 8 max. none 8 max. 1 min. As regulated by F.A.A. b. Outbuilding 2 max. 2 max. c. Benefit Height Abutting T6, T5 & T4 only 1 max.** 4 max.** 8 max.** 24 max.** 24 max.** 32 max.** unlimited ** unlimited ** 2 max.** THOROUGHFARES a. HW & RR permitted prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited b. BV permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted c. SR permitted permitted prohibited permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted d. RS permitted permitted prohibited permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted e. SS & AV prohibited prohibited permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted f. CS & AV prohibited prohibited permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted g. Rear Lane permitted permitted prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited h. Rear Alley permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted i. Path permitted permitted prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited prohibited j. Passage permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted k. Bicycle Path permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted l. Bicycle Lane permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted m. Bicycle Route permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted n. Sharrow prohibited permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted o. Priority Bicycle Route permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted T3 T4 T5 T6 C D R L O R L O R L O R L O CS CI CI- HD D1 D2 D3 SUB-URBAN URBAN GENERAL URBAN CENTER URBAN CORE CIVIC DISTRICTS DENSITY (UNIT PER ACRE) 9 9 18* 36 36 36 65 65 65 150* 150* 150* N/A AZ** 150* 36 AZ**** AZ**** RESIDENTIAL CO-LIVING R*** R*** R*** R*** R*** R*** R*** SINGLE

n. Sharrow prohibited permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted o. Priority Bicycle Route permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted permitted T3 T4 T5 T6 C D R L O R L O R L O R L O CS CI CI- HD D1 D2 D3 SUB-URBAN URBAN GENERAL URBAN CENTER URBAN CORE CIVIC DISTRICTS DENSITY (UNIT PER ACRE) 9 9 18* 36 36 36 65 65 65 150* 150* 150* N/A AZ** 150* 36 AZ**** AZ**** RESIDENTIAL CO-LIVING R*** R*** R*** R*** R*** R*** R*** SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENCE R R R R R R R R R R R R COMMUNITY RESIDENCE R R R R R R R R R R R R R ANCILLARY UNIT R R R R TWO FAMILY RESIDENCE R R R R R R R R R R MULTI FAMILY HOUSING R R R R R R R R R R DORMITORY E E R R R R E R HOME OFFICE R R R R R R R R R R R R R LIVE - WORK R R R R R R R WORK - LIVE R R LODGING BED & BREAKFAST W R R E R R E R R R R E E INN R R R E R R R R E E HOTEL R R R R R R*** E E OFFICE OFFICE R R R R R R E R R R W COMMERCIAL AUTO-RELATED COMMERCIAL ESTAB. W W W R R ENTERTAINMENT ESTABLISHMENT R W R R R R R 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 66/614 T3 T4 T5 T6 C D ENTERTAINMENT ESTAB. - ADULT R FOOD SERVICE ESTABLISHMENT R R R R W R R W E R R R W ALCOHOL BEVERAGE SERVICE ESTAB. E E E E E E E E E E GENERAL COMMERCIAL R R R R W R R E E R R R W MARINE RELATED COMMERCIAL ESTAB. W W W W E R R R OPEN AIR RETAIL W W W W W E R R R W PLACE OF ASSEMBLY R R E R R E E R R W RECREATIONAL ESTABLISHMENT R R R R E R R R W AMUSEMENT RIDE E CIVIC COMMUNITY FACILITY W W W W W W W E W R R RECREATIONAL FACILITY E E E E R R E R R E R R W E W R R RELIGIOUS FACILITY E E E E R R E R R E R R W E R R R W REGIONAL ACTIVITY COMPLEX E E E CIVIC SUPPORT COMMUNITY SUPPORT FACILITY W W W W W W W E E R R W INFRASTRUCTURE AND UTILITIES W W W W W W W W W W W W W E W W R W MAJOR FACILITY E R E E E MARINA E W W E W W E W W R E R R

E E R R E R R E R R W E W R R RELIGIOUS FACILITY E E E E R R E R R E R R W E R R R W REGIONAL ACTIVITY COMPLEX E E E CIVIC SUPPORT COMMUNITY SUPPORT FACILITY W W W W W W W E E R R W INFRASTRUCTURE AND UTILITIES W W W W W W W W W W W W W E W W R W MAJOR FACILITY E R E E E MARINA E W W E W W E W W R E R R R PUBLIC PARKING W W E W W E W W E R R R W RESCUE MISSION E R E W W TRANSIT FACILITIES W W E W W E W W E R R R W EDUCATIONAL CHILDCARE E W W E W W W***** W***** W***** E E R E COLLEGE / UNIVERSITY W W ***** W***** W***** E R E ELEMENTARY SCHOOL E E E E E E E W W E***** W***** W***** E R E LEARNING CENTER E E R R ***** R***** R***** E E R E MIDDLE / HIGH SCHOOL E E E E E E E W W E***** W***** W***** E R E PRE-SCHOOL E E E E E E E R R E***** R***** R***** E R E RESEARCH FACILITY R R R R ***** R***** R***** E R R R W SPECIAL TRAINING / VOCATIONAL E W W ***** W***** W***** E R R R W INDUSTRIAL AUTO-RELATED INDUSTRIAL ESTBL. R R W MANUFACTURING AND PROCESSING R R W MARINE RELATED INDUSTRIAL ESTBL. R R R PRODUCTS AND SERVICES R R W 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 67/614 R Allowed By Right W Allowed By Warrant: Administrative Process - CRC (Coordinated Review Committee) E Allowed By Exception: Public Hearing - granted by PZAB (Planning, Zoning & Appeals Board) Boxes with no designation signify Use prohibited. Uses may be further modified by Supplemental Regulations, State Regulations, or other provisions of this Code. See City Code Chapter 4 for regulations related to Alcohol Service Establishment and Food Service Establishments. * Additional densities in some T6 zones are illustrated in Diagram 9 and densities in T3-O zones may be modified by specific regulations in Article 5. ** AZ: Density of lowest Abutting Zone *** By Right only in the UCBD, Civic Health District, NRD-1 and NRD-2. ***Hotel Uses only allowed by Warrant in D1 for properties identified in Appendix PA-1 of the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan and located on the north side of the Lower River. See Article 6, Table 13 for supplemental regulations. ****AZ: Density of lowest Abutting Zone nearest to the subject property not to exceed 65 du/acre. ***** Educational Uses may be allowed By-Right if the requirements are met in Article 6, titled Supplemental Regulations TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING (T3) T3 T4 T5 T6 C D STORAGE/ DISTRIBUTION FACILITY R

Health District, NRD-1 and NRD-2. ***Hotel Uses only allowed by Warrant in D1 for properties identified in Appendix PA-1 of the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan and located on the north side of the Lower River. See Article 6, Table 13 for supplemental regulations. ****AZ: Density of lowest Abutting Zone nearest to the subject property not to exceed 65 du/acre. ***** Educational Uses may be allowed By-Right if the requirements are met in Article 6, titled Supplemental Regulations TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING (T3) T3 T4 T5 T6 C D STORAGE/ DISTRIBUTION FACILITY R R W RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN DENSITY (UPA) 9 UNITS PER ACRE 9 UNITS PER ACRE 18 UNITS PER ACRE* RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 2 parking spaces per principal Dwelling Unit. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. • Community Residence - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit. Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • All Dwelling Units shall be under single ownership • Minimum of 2 parking spaces per principal Dwelling Unit. • Minimum of 1 parking space per Ancillary Dwelling Unit. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. • Community Residence - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the Dwelling Units. Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 2 parking spaces per principal Dwelling Unit. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. • Community Residence - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the Dwelling Units. CIVIC Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use. Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 68/614 *Densities may be modified by specific regulations in Article 5. TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING (T4) RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN assembly use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. CIVIL SUPPORT Civil

Print about:blank 68/614 *Densities may be modified by specific regulations in Article 5. TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING (T4) RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN assembly use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. CIVIL SUPPORT Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Civil Support Use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly uses. Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Civil Support Use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly uses. Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Civil Support Use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly uses. EDUCATIONAL Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. • Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12. Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. • Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12. Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. • Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12. RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN DENSITY (UPA) 36 UNITS PER ACRE 36 UNITS PER ACRE 36 UNITS PER ACRE RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1.5 parking spaces per principal Dwelling Unit. • Ancillary Dwelling - Minimum of 1 parking space per ancillary dwelling unit. Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1.5 parking spaces per principal Dwelling Unit. • Ancillary Dwelling - Minimum of 1 parking space per ancillary dwelling unit. Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1.5 parking spaces per principal Dwelling Unit. • Ancillary Dwelling - Minimum of 1 parking

permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1.5 parking spaces per principal Dwelling Unit. • Ancillary Dwelling - Minimum of 1 parking space per ancillary dwelling unit. Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1.5 parking spaces per principal Dwelling Unit. • Ancillary Dwelling - Minimum of 1 parking space per ancillary dwelling unit. Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1.5 parking spaces per principal Dwelling Unit. • Ancillary Dwelling - Minimum of 1 parking space per ancillary dwelling unit. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 69/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. • Community Residence - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the Dwelling Units. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as required by non- residential use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Units. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. • Community Residence- Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the Dwelling Units. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as required by non- residential use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. • Community Residence- Minimum of

process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as required by non- residential use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. • Community Residence- Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the Dwelling Units. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** LODGING • See City Code, Chapter 23. Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 70/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 5 lodging units. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 5 lodging units. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. •

fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 5 lodging units. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** OFFICE Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Limited to the first Story of the Principal Building or Accessory Structure; • Office and Commercial Uses shall be less than 50% Building floor area total. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of office use. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of office use. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 71/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to

the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** COMMERCIAL Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Limited to the first Story of the Principal Building or Accessory Structure; • Office and Commercial Uses shall be less than 50% Building floor area total. • A maximum area of 4,000 square feet per establishment. • Food establishments of a maximum seating capacity of 40 patrons. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of commercial use. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • A maximum area of 4,000 square feet per establishment. • Food establishments of a maximum seating capacity of 40 patrons. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of commercial use. • Minimum of one Bike space for every 20 vehicular spaces required (before any reductions). • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 72/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent

72/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** CIVIC Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Parking

T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 73/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking for civic uses may be provided off-site within a distance of 1,000 feet. enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking for civic uses may be provided off-site within a distance of 1,000 feet. CIVIL SUPPORT Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Civil Support Use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** Civil Support

500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Civil Support Use. • Adult Daycare- Minimum of 1 space per staff member. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Civil Support Use. • Minimum of one Bike space for every 20 vehicular spaces required (before any reductions). • Adult Daycare- Minimum of 1 space per staff member. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 74/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN City Commission approval.*** of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** EDUCATIONAL Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every

percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 74/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN City Commission approval.*** of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** EDUCATIONAL Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. • Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12. • Childcare Facilities- Minimum of 1 space for the owner/operator and 1 space for each employee, and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. • Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12. • Childcare Facilities- Minimum of 1 space for the owner/operator and 1 space for each employee, and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use.

or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. • Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12. • Childcare Facilities- Minimum of 1 space for the owner/operator and 1 space for each employee, and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 75/614 * Reserved. ** Properties located within the following areas may utilize the parking reduction provision by process of Waiver: 1. the Downtown Development Authority (“DDA”) boundary; 2. the Urban Central Business District boundary; 3. the OMNI Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 4. the SEOPW Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; and 5. the NCD-2 boundary; and 6. the Opportunity Zones or similar federal programs. *** Properties located within the following areas may utilize the parking reduction provision by right: 1. the Downtown Development Authority (“DDA”) boundary; 2. the Urban Central Business District boundary; 3. the OMNI Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 4. the SEOPW Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 5. the NCD-2 boundary; and 6. the Opportunity Zones or similar federal programs. TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING (T5) RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN City Commission approval.*** City Commission approval.*** RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN DENSITY (UPA) 65 UNITS PER ACRE 65 UNITS PER ACRE 65 UNITS PER ACRE RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1.5 parking spaces per Dwelling Unit. • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Dwelling Units. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum 1 space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. • Community Residence -

boundary; and 6. the Opportunity Zones or similar federal programs. TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING (T5) RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN City Commission approval.*** City Commission approval.*** RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN DENSITY (UPA) 65 UNITS PER ACRE 65 UNITS PER ACRE 65 UNITS PER ACRE RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1.5 parking spaces per Dwelling Unit. • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Dwelling Units. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum 1 space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. • Community Residence - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1.5 parking spaces per Dwelling Unit. • Maximum of 1 parking space per Micro Dwelling Unit, with a maximum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Micro Dwelling Units. • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Dwelling Units. • Co-Living: - Minimum of 0.5 parking space per Co- Living Room with a minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Co-Living Rooms. Thirty percent (30%) of required Co-Living Parking may be provided through payment- in-lieu of space of required off-street parking into the Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1.5 parking spaces per Dwelling Unit. • Maximum of 1 parking space per Micro Dwelling Unit, with a maximum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Micro Dwelling Units. • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Dwelling Units. • Co-Living: - Minimum of 0.5 parking space per Co- Living Room with a minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Co-Living Rooms. Thirty percent (30%) of required Co-Living Parking may be provided through payment- in-lieu of space of required off-street parking into the 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 76/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per Dwelling Unit. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%)

Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 designated area Parking Trust Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35 or for TOD areas outside parking trust fund districts, payment-in- lieu shall be made into the Transportation Trust Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35. • Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum 1 space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. • Community Residence - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. For every reduced vehicle parking space, a minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space shall be provided. • Within TOD areas, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per Dwelling Unit. • Co-Living - A minimum of .25 Bicycle Rack Space per Co-Living Room is required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as designated area Parking Trust Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35 or for TOD areas outside parking trust fund districts, payment-in- lieu shall be made into the Transportation Trust Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35. • Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum 1 space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. • Community Residence - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. For

Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35. • Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum 1 space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. • Community Residence - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. For every reduced vehicle parking space, a minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space shall be provided. • Within TOD areas, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per Dwelling Unit. • Co-Living - A minimum of .25 Bicycle Rack Space per Co-Living Room is required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 77/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 LODGING Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every

a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 LODGING Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 lodging units. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) bicycle rack space for every five (5) lodging units. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 lodging units. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) bicycle rack space for every five (5) lodging units. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 lodging units. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) bicycle rack space for every five (5) lodging units. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 78/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%)

PM Print about:blank 78/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 OFFICE Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with:

a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 OFFICE Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • The first and second Story of the Principal Building and Office and Commercial Uses shall be less than 25% Building floor area total. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of office use. Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of office use. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 79/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 sq. ft. of Office area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Notwithstanding the above, if the Office Use solely serves spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 sq. ft. of Office area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up

feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Notwithstanding the above, if the Office Use solely serves spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 sq. ft. of Office area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval ;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval *** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Notwithstanding the above, if the Office Use solely serves needs of neighborhood children and is affiliated with an abutting approved Rescue Mission, then no parking shall be required. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 80/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN needs of neighborhood children and is affiliated with an abutting approved Rescue Mission, then no parking shall be required. COMMERCIAL Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • The first and second Story of the Principal Building and Office and Commercial Uses shall be less than 25% Building floor area total. • A maximum area of 55,000 square feet per establishment. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of commercial use. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 sq. ft. of Commercial area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the

1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 sq. ft. of Commercial area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • A maximum area of 55,000 square feet per establishment, except for Public Storage Facilities. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of commercial use, except for Public Storage Facilities, minimum 1 parking space for every 10,000 square feet with a minimum of 8 parking spaces. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5, except for Public Storage Facilities. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 sq. ft. of Commercial area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 81/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 with City Commission approval *** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite

is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 with City Commission approval *** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Commercial Auto-related, Drive-Thru or Drive-In Facilities - See Article 6. CIVIC Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor

compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 82/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Notwithstanding the above, if the Civic Use solely serves needs of neighborhood children and is affiliated with an abutting approved Rescue Mission, then no parking shall be required. up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending

(50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Notwithstanding the above, if the Civic Use solely serves needs of neighborhood children and is affiliated with an abutting approved Rescue Mission, then no parking shall be required. CIVIL SUPPORT Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Civil Support Use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 slips of marine use. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 1000 square feet of Civil Support Use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 slips of marine use. • Adult Daycare- Minimum of 1 space per staff member. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 1000 square feet of Civil Support Use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 slips of marine use. • Adult Daycare- Minimum of 1 space per staff member. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 83/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one

of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 83/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Notwithstanding the above, if the Civil Support Use is solely serves needs of neighborhood children and is affiliated with an abutting approved Rescue Mission, then no parking shall be required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Notwithstanding the above, if the Civil Support Use is solely serves needs of neighborhood children and

one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Notwithstanding the above, if the Civil Support Use is solely serves needs of neighborhood children and is affiliated with an abutting approved Rescue Mission, then no parking shall be required. EDUCATIONAL Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 2 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. • Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 2 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. • Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 2 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. • Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 84/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12. • Childcare Facilities- Minimum of 1 space for the owner/operator and 1 space for each employee, and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Parking ratio may be reduced within ½ mile radius of TOD or within ¼ mile radius of a Transit Corridor by thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, except when site is within 500 feet of T3. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. • Childcare Facilities- Minimum of 1 space for the owner/operator

City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. • Childcare Facilities- Minimum of 1 space for the owner/operator and 1 space for each employee, and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Parking ratio may be reduced within ½ mile radius of TOD or within ¼ mile radius of a Transit Corridor by thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, except when site is within 500 feet of T3. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. • Childcare Facilities- Minimum of 1 space for the owner/operator and 1 space for each employee, and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Parking ratio may be reduced within ½ mile radius of TOD or within ¼ mile radius of a Transit Corridor by thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, except when site is within 500 feet of T3. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by

within ½ mile radius of TOD or within ¼ mile radius of a Transit Corridor by thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, except when site is within 500 feet of T3. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 85/614 * Reserved. ** Properties located within the following areas may utilize the parking reduction provision by process of Waiver: 1. the Downtown Development Authority (“DDA”) boundary; 2. the Urban Central Business District boundary; 3. the OMNI Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 4. the SEOPW Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; and 5. the NCD-2 boundary; and 6. the Opportunity Zones or similar federal programs. *** Properties located within the following areas may utilize the parking reduction provision by right: 1. the Downtown Development Authority (“DDA”) boundary; 2. the Urban Central Business District boundary; 3. the OMNI Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 4. the SEOPW Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 5. the NCD-2 boundary; and 6. the Opportunity Zones or similar federal programs. TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING (T6) RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Notwithstanding the above, if the Educational Use solely serves needs of neighborhood children and is affiliated with an abutting approved Rescue Mission, then no parking shall be required. and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading- Refer to Article 4, Table 5 • Notwithstanding the above, if the Educational Use solely serves needs of neighborhood children and is affiliated with an abutting approved Rescue Mission, then no parking shall be required. RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN DENSITY (UPA) 150 UNITS PER ACRE * 150 UNITS PER ACRE * 150 – 1,000 UNITS PER ACRE * RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1.5 parking spaces per Dwelling Unit. • Maximum of one (1) parking space per Micro Dwelling Unit, with a maximum of one (1) additional visitor parking Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1.5 parking spaces per Dwelling Unit. • Maximum of 1 parking space per Micro Dwelling

parking shall be required. RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN DENSITY (UPA) 150 UNITS PER ACRE * 150 UNITS PER ACRE * 150 – 1,000 UNITS PER ACRE * RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1.5 parking spaces per Dwelling Unit. • Maximum of one (1) parking space per Micro Dwelling Unit, with a maximum of one (1) additional visitor parking Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1.5 parking spaces per Dwelling Unit. • Maximum of 1 parking space per Micro Dwelling Unit, with a maximum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Micro Dwelling Units. Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1.5 parking spaces per Dwelling Unit. • Co-Living: - Minimum of 0.5 parking space per Co- Living Room with a minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Co-Living Rooms. Thirty percent (30%) of required 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 86/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN space for every ten (10) Micro Dwelling Units. • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Dwelling Units. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum 1 space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. • Community Residence - Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) bicycle rack space required per Dwelling Unit. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Dwelling Units. • Co-Living: - Minimum of 0.5 parking space per Co- Living Room with a minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Co-Living Rooms. Thirty percent (30%) of required Co-Living Parking may be provided through payment- in-lieu of space of required off-street parking into the designated area Parking Trust Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35 or for TOD areas outside parking trust fund districts, payment-in- lieu shall be made into the Transportation Trust Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35. • Live-work - Work component shall

additional visitor parking space for every 10 Dwelling Units. • Co-Living: - Minimum of 0.5 parking space per Co- Living Room with a minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Co-Living Rooms. Thirty percent (30%) of required Co-Living Parking may be provided through payment- in-lieu of space of required off-street parking into the designated area Parking Trust Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35 or for TOD areas outside parking trust fund districts, payment-in- lieu shall be made into the Transportation Trust Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35. • Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit. • Adult Family-Care Homes- Minimum 1 space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. • Community Residence- Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. For every reduced vehicle parking space, a minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space shall be provided. • Within TOD areas, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per Dwelling Unit. • Co-Living - A minimum of .25 Bicycle Rack Space per Co-Living Room is required. Co-Living Parking may be provided through payment- in-lieu of space of required off-street parking into the designated area Parking Trust Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35 or for TOD areas outside parking trust fund districts, payment-in- lieu shall be made into the Transportation Trust Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35. • Maximum of 1 parking space per Micro Dwelling Unit, with a maximum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Micro Dwelling Units. • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Dwelling Units. • Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit. • Adult Family-Care Homes- Minimum 1 space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. • Community Residence- Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. For every reduced vehicle parking space, a minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space shall be provided. • Within TOD areas, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per Dwelling Unit. • Co-Living - A minimum of .25 Bicycle Rack Space per Co-Living Room is required. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 87/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • In T6-60 & T6-80, parking for residential Uses located within 1,000 feet of

Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. For every reduced vehicle parking space, a minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space shall be provided. • Within TOD areas, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per Dwelling Unit. • Co-Living - A minimum of .25 Bicycle Rack Space per Co-Living Room is required. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 87/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • In T6-60 & T6-80, parking for residential Uses located within 1,000 feet of a Metrorail or Metromover station shall not be required. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • In T6-60 & T6-80, parking for residential Uses located within 1,000 feet of a Metrorail or Metromover station shall not be required. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking

TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • In T6-60 & T6-80, parking for residential Uses located within 1,000 feet of a Metrorail or Metromover station shall not be required. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 LODGING Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 88/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 lodging units. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) bicycle rack space for every five (5) lodging units. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 lodging units.

(100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 lodging units. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) bicycle rack space for every five (5) lodging units. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 15 lodging units. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) bicycle rack space for every five (5) lodging units. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking

parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 89/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • In T6-80 within the Downtown Flagler District, Loading for Lodging Uses may, by process of Waiver, be provided by ownership offsite within 200 feet, by lease offsite within an abutting property, or within a DOSP owned and operated loading facility within 100 feet with a minimum lease term of thirty (30) years as established in and pursuant to the requirements of Chapter 35 of the City Code. OFFICE Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • The Building area allowed for office use on each lot is limited to four Stories of the Principal Building and Office and Commercial Uses shall be less than 25% of Building floor area total. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of office use. • In T6-24, T6-36 and T6-48 a minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of office use shall be provided • In T6-60 and T6-80, a minimum of 1 parking space for every 1,000 square feet of office use shall be provided • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 sq. ft. of Office area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of office use. • In T6-24, T6-36 and T6-48, a minimum of 1 parking space for every

reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 sq. ft. of Office area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of office use. • In T6-24, T6-36 and T6-48, a minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of office use shall be provided • In T6-60 and T6-80, a minimum of 1 parking space for every 1,000 square feet of office use shall be provided • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 sq. ft. of Office area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 90/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000

against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • In T6 -80 within the Downtown Flagler District, Loading for Office Uses may, by process of Waiver, be provided by ownership offsite within 200 feet, by lease offsite within an abutting property , or within a DOSP owned and operated loading facility within 100 feet with a minimum lease term of thirty (30) years as established in and pursuant to the requirements of Chapter 35 of the City Code. COMMERCIAL Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Commercial establishments limited to a maximum area of 4,000 square feet each and shall Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • The Building area allowed for Commercial Use on each lot is limited to two Stories of the Principal Building and Office and Commercial Uses Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • A maximum area of 55,000 square feet per establishment, except for Public Storage Facilities. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 91/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN be less than 25% building floor area total. • The Building area allowed for commercial use on each lot is limited to the first two Stories of the Principal Building. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of commercial use. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 sq. ft. of Commercial area. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 shall be less than 25% of Building floor area total. • A maximum area of 55,000 square feet per establishment. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of commercial use. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 sq. ft. of

one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 sq. ft. of Commercial area. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 shall be less than 25% of Building floor area total. • A maximum area of 55,000 square feet per establishment. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of commercial use. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 sq. ft. of Commercial area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;* or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of commercial use, except for Public Storage Facilities, minimum 1 parking space for every 10,000 square feet with a minimum of 8 parking spaces. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5, except for Public Storage Facilities. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 sq. ft. of Commercial area. • Auto-related - Drive-Thru or Drive-In Facilities - See Article 6. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;* or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite

Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;* or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Within a TOD area, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 92/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • In T6-80 within the Downtown Flagler District, Loading for Commercial Uses may, by process of Waiver, be provided by ownership offsite within 200 feet, by lease offsite within an abutting property, or within a DOSP owned and operated loading facility within 100 feet with a minimum lease term of five (5) years as established in and pursuant to the requirements of Chapter 35 of the City Code. CIVIC Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly

required. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 93/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 CIVIL SUPPORT Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Civil Support Use; or • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use; or • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 slips

sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 CIVIL SUPPORT Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Civil Support Use; or • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use; or • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 slips of marine use; or • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with:. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 1000 square feet of Civil Support Use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 slips of marine use. • Adult Daycare - Minimum of 1 space per staff member. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with:. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 1000 square feet of Civil Support Use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly use. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 slips of marine use. • Adult Daycare - Minimum of 1 space per staff member. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 94/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by

Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 EDUCATIONAL Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 2 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. • Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12. • Childcare Facilities- Minimum of 1 space for the owner/operator and 1 space for each employee, and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with:. • Minimum of 2 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. • Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5

or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12. • Childcare Facilities- Minimum of 1 space for the owner/operator and 1 space for each employee, and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with:. • Minimum of 2 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. • Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. • Childcare Facilities- Minimum of 1 space for the owner/operator and 1 space for each employee, and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 2 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. • Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. • Childcare Facilities- Minimum of 1 space for the owner/operator and 1 space for each employee, and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 95/614 * Please refer to Diagram 9 ** Properties located within the following areas may utilize the parking reduction provision by process of Waiver: 1. the Downtown Development Authority (“DDA”) boundary; 2. the Urban Central Business District boundary; 3. the OMNI Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 4. the SEOPW Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; and 5. the NCD-2 boundary; and 6. the Opportunity Zones or similar federal programs. *** Properties located within the following areas may utilize the parking reduction provision by right: RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect

Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 96/614 1. the Downtown Development Authority (“DDA”) boundary; 2. the Urban Central Business District boundary; 3. the OMNI Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 4. the SEOPW Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 5. the NCD-2 boundary; and 6. the Opportunity Zones or similar federal programs. TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING (C) CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT DENSITY (UPA) N/A DENSITY OF ABUTTING

at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 96/614 1. the Downtown Development Authority (“DDA”) boundary; 2. the Urban Central Business District boundary; 3. the OMNI Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 4. the SEOPW Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 5. the NCD-2 boundary; and 6. the Opportunity Zones or similar federal programs. TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING (C) CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT DENSITY (UPA) N/A DENSITY OF ABUTTING ZONE 150 UNITS PER ACRE RESIDENTIAL Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Density and all intensity, parking and loading regulations to match that of the most restrictive Abutting zone. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Residential Use. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Co-Living - A minimum of .25 Bicycle Rack Space per Co-Living Room is required. Co-Living: Minimum of 0.5 parking space per Co- Living Room with a minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Co-Living Rooms. Thirty percent (30%) of required Co- Living Parking may be provided through payment-in-lieu into the Transportation Trust Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35. LODGING • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Residential Use. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 OFFICE Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Office Use. • Minimum of one Bike space for every 20 vehicular spaces required (before any reductions). • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Office Use. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 97/614 CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking ratio may be reduced according to the shared parking standard. • Parking may be provided offsite in CI, D, T5 or T6 within 500 feet through a parking management plan/zone. • Notwithstanding the above, if the OfficeUsesolely serves needs of neighborhood children and is affiliated with an abutting approved Rescue Mission, then no parking shall be required. COMMERCIAL Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. •

Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking ratio may be reduced according to the shared parking standard. • Parking may be provided offsite in CI, D, T5 or T6 within 500 feet through a parking management plan/zone. • Notwithstanding the above, if the OfficeUsesolely serves needs of neighborhood children and is affiliated with an abutting approved Rescue Mission, then no parking shall be required. COMMERCIAL Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Commercial Use. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 98/614 CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT for every 1,000 sf of commercial space. • Minimum of one Bike space for every 20 vehicular spaces required (before any reductions). • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with • Building area allowed for Commercial Use on each lot shall be less than 25% Building floor area total. • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of commercial space • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 7 seats in a Major Sports Facility • Minimum of one Bike space for every 20 vehicular spaces required (before any reductions). • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 99/614 CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT City Commission approval.*** • Parking ratio may be reduced according to the shared parking standard. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5. • Loading needs, including maneuvering, shall be accommodated on site. less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.***

approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 99/614 CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT City Commission approval.*** • Parking ratio may be reduced according to the shared parking standard. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5. • Loading needs, including maneuvering, shall be accommodated on site. less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking ratio may be reduced according to the shared parking standard. • Parking ratio may be reduced for Major Sports Facility within 1 mile of a Metrorail, Metromover Station, or mass transit facility by up to 10%. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Loading needs, including maneuvering, shall be accommodated on site. CIVIC Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 sf of exhibition or recreation space, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every staff member for recreational uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 500 sf of Building area Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 sf of exhibition or recreation space, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every staff member for recreational uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 500 sf of Building area for recreational uses. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area and a minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Civic Use. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 100/614 CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT for recreational uses. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square

10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite in CI, D, T5 or T6 within 500 feet through a parking management plan/zone. • Notwithstanding the above, if the Civic Use solely serves needs of neighborhood children and is affiliated with an abutting approved 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 101/614 CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite in CI, D, T5 or T6 within 500 feet through a parking management plan/zone. Rescue Mission, then no parking shall be required. CIVIL SUPPORT Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • For Civil Support, a minimum of 1 parking space for every 1,000 sf. • For Marine Uses, a minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 slips. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • For Civil Support, a minimum of 1 parking space for every 1,000 sf. • For Assembly uses, a minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats. • For Marine Uses, a minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 slips. • Adult Daycare - Minimum of 1 space per staff member and 1 space for owner. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced

fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • For Civil Support, a minimum of 1 parking space for every 1,000 sf. • For Assembly uses, a minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats. • For Marine Uses, a minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 slips. • Adult Daycare - Minimum of 1 space per staff member and 1 space for owner. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Civil Support Use. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 102/614 CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Notwithstanding the above, if the Civil Support Use solely serves needs of neighborhood children and is affiliated with an abutting approved RescueMission, then no parking shall be required. EDUCATIONAL Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 2 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of educational space • Minimum of one Bike space for every 20 vehicular spaces required (before any reductions). • Childcare Facilities - Minimum of 1 space per staff member, 1 space for owner Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 2 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of educational space • Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. • Childcare Facilities - Minimum of 1 space per staff member, 1 space for owner and 1 • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Educational Use. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 103/614 CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated

member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. • Childcare Facilities - Minimum of 1 space per staff member, 1 space for owner and 1 • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 800 square feet of Educational Use. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 103/614 CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. • Minimum of one Bike space for every 20 vehicular spaces required (before any reductions). • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Notwithstanding the above, if the Educational Use solely serves needs of neighborhood children and is affiliated with an abutting approved Rescue Mission, 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 104/614 * Reserved. ** Properties located within the following areas may utilize the parking reduction provision by process of Waiver: 1. the Downtown Development Authority (“DDA”) boundary; 2. the Urban Central Business District boundary; 3. the OMNI Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 4. the SEOPW Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; and 5. the NCD-2 boundary; and 6. the Opportunity Zones or similar federal programs. *** Properties located within the following areas may utilize the parking reduction provision by right: 1. the Downtown Development Authority (“DDA”) boundary; 2. the Urban Central Business District boundary; 3. the OMNI Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 4. the SEOPW Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 5. the NCD-2 boundary; and 6. the Opportunity Zones or similar federal programs. TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING (D) CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT then no parking shall be required. * Properties located in the following areas are

and 6. the Opportunity Zones or similar federal programs. *** Properties located within the following areas may utilize the parking reduction provision by right: 1. the Downtown Development Authority (“DDA”) boundary; 2. the Urban Central Business District boundary; 3. the OMNI Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 4. the SEOPW Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 5. the NCD-2 boundary; and 6. the Opportunity Zones or similar federal programs. TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING (D) CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT then no parking shall be required. * Properties located in the following areas are exempt from the provisions of Ordinance No. 14065 and will continue to require a Waiver: 1. the Downtown Development Authority boundary; 2. the Urban Central Business District boundary; 3. the OMNI CRA boundary; 4. the SEOPW CRA boundary; and the NCD-2 boundary. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 105/614 D1 - WORK PLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL DENSITY (UPA) 36 UNITS PER ACRE AZ* AZ* RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space per Dwelling Unit. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. For every reduced vehicle parking space, a minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space shall be provided. • Co-Living - A minimum of .25 Bicycle Rack Space per Co-Living Room is required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 Co-Living: - Minimum of 0.5 parking space per Co- Living Room with a minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Co-Living Rooms. Thirty 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 106/614 D1 - WORK PLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL percent (30%) of required Co-Living Parking may be provided through payment-in-lieu of space of required off-street parking into the designated area Parking Trust Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35 or for TOD areas outside parking trust fund districts, payment- in-lieu shall be made into the Transportation Trust Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35. LODGING Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. • Minimum of 1 additional parking space for every 10 lodging units for visitors. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table

through payment-in-lieu of space of required off-street parking into the designated area Parking Trust Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35 or for TOD areas outside parking trust fund districts, payment- in-lieu shall be made into the Transportation Trust Fund identified within City Code Chapter 35. LODGING Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. • Minimum of 1 additional parking space for every 10 lodging units for visitors. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3 limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. • Minimum of 1 additional parking space for every 10 lodging units for visitors. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3 limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. • Minimum of 1 additional parking space for every 10 lodging units for visitors. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund as established by Chapter 35 of the City 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 107/614 D1 - WORK PLACE

Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund as established by Chapter 35 of the City 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 107/614 D1 - WORK PLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5. Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5. OFFICE Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of office space. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of office space. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum

for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of office space. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of office space. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 108/614 D1 - WORK PLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the

provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 COMMERCIAL Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of commercial space, except for Public Storage Facilities, minimum 1 parking space for every 10,000 square feet with a minimum of 8 parking spaces. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5, except for Public Storage Facilities. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of commercial space, except for Public Storage Facilities, minimum 1 parking space for every 10,000 square feet with a minimum of 8 parking spaces. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5, except for Public Storage Facilities. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of commercial space, except for Public Storage Facilities, minimum 1 parking space for every 10,000 square feet with a minimum of 8 parking spaces. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking

the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of commercial space, except for Public Storage Facilities, minimum 1 parking space for every 10,000 square feet with a minimum of 8 parking spaces. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5, except for Public Storage Facilities. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 109/614 D1 - WORK PLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Drive-Thru or Drive-In Facilities - Refer to Article 6. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Drive-Thru or Drive-In Facilities - Refer to Article 6. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception

within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Drive-Thru or Drive-In Facilities - Refer to Article 6. • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 CIVIC Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 sf of exhibition or recreation space, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 sf of exhibition or recreation space, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5,000 sf of exhibition or recreation space, and parking spaces for other Uses as required. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 110/614 D1 - WORK PLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with

• Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 10,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending

(50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 CIVIL SUPPORT Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 1,000 sf. of Civil Support Use. Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 1,000 sf. of Civil Support Use. Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 1,000 sf. of Civil Support Use. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 111/614 D1 - WORK PLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats for assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 slips for marine Uses. • Adult Daycare - Minimum of 1 space per staff member. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats for assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 slips for marine Uses. • Adult Daycare - Minimum of 1 space per staff member. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an

feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats for assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 slips for marine Uses. • Adult Daycare - Minimum of 1 space per staff member. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats for assembly uses. • Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 slips for marine Uses. • Adult Daycare - Minimum of 1 space per staff member. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 112/614 D1 - WORK PLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL against the sending and receiving site. • Loading

a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 112/614 D1 - WORK PLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 EDUCATIONAL Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 2 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of educational Use. • Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Childcare Facilities- Minimum of 1 space for the owner/operator and 1 space for each employee, and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 2 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of educational Use. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending

(50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of 2 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of educational Use. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 113/614 D1 - WORK PLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 INDUSTRIAL Industrial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Please refer to Article 6 for additional specific requirements. • Minimum of 1 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of Industrial Use, except for Commercial Storage Facilities, minimum 1 parking space for every 10,000 square feet with a minimum of 8 parking spaces. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5,

to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 INDUSTRIAL Industrial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Please refer to Article 6 for additional specific requirements. • Minimum of 1 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of Industrial Use, except for Commercial Storage Facilities, minimum 1 parking space for every 10,000 square feet with a minimum of 8 parking spaces. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5, except for Public Storage Facilities. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Industrial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Please refer to Article 6 for additional specific requirements. • Minimum of 1 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of Industrial Use, except for Commercial Storage Facilities, minimum 1 parking space for every 10,000 square feet with a minimum of 8 parking spaces. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5, except for Public Storage Facilities. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and Industrial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: • Please refer to Article 6 for additional specific requirements. • Minimum of 1 parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of Industrial Use, except for Commercial Storage Facilities, minimum 1 parking space for every 10,000 square feet with a minimum of 8 parking spaces. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Article 4, Table 5, except for Public Storage Facilities. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 114/614 * AZ: Density of lowest Abutting Zone nearest to the subject property not to exceed 65 du/acre. ** Properties located within the following areas may utilize the parking reduction provision by process of Waiver: 1. the Downtown Development Authority (“DDA”) boundary; 2. the Urban Central Business District boundary; 3. the OMNI Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 4. the SEOPW Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; and 5. the NCD-2 boundary; and 6.

ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 114/614 * AZ: Density of lowest Abutting Zone nearest to the subject property not to exceed 65 du/acre. ** Properties located within the following areas may utilize the parking reduction provision by process of Waiver: 1. the Downtown Development Authority (“DDA”) boundary; 2. the Urban Central Business District boundary; 3. the OMNI Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 4. the SEOPW Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; and 5. the NCD-2 boundary; and 6. the Opportunity Zones or similar federal programs. *** Properties located within the following areas may utilize the parking reduction provision by right: 1. the Downtown Development Authority (“DDA”) boundary; 2. the Urban Central Business District boundary; 3. the OMNI Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 4. the SEOPW Community Redevelopment Agency(“CRA”) boundary; 5. the NCD-2 boundary; and 6. the Opportunity Zones or similar federal programs. D1 - WORK PLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking

Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 City Commission approval;** by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Exception with City Commission approval and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code;** or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of ten thousand (10,000) square feet or less by process of Exception with City Commission approval.*** • Parking may be provided offsite within 1000 feet, except when the sending site is within 500 feet of T3. Offsite parking shall not result in a deficiency of parking at the receiving site and shall be subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. • Loading - See Article 4, Table 5 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 115/614 TABLE 5 BUILDING FUNCTION: PARKING AND LOADING SHARED PARKING STANDARDS SHARING FACTOR The shared Parking Standards Table provides the method for calculating shared parking for buildings with more than one Use type. It refers to the parking requirements that appear in Table 4. The parking required for any two Functions on a Lot is calculated by dividing the number of spaces required by the lesser of the two uses by the appropriate factor from this Table and adding the result to the greater use parking requirement. For instance: for a building with a Residential Use requiring 100 spaces and a Commercial Use requiring 20 spaces, the 20 spaces divided by the sharing factor of 1.2 would reduce the total requirement to 100 plus 17 spaces. For uses not indicated in this chart on a mixed use lot a sharing factor of 1.1 shall be allowed. Additional sharing is allowed by Warrant. OFF-STREET PARKING STANDARDS ANGLE PARKING ACCESS AISLE WIDTH • Driveways shall have a minimum of 10 feet of paved width of a one-way drive and 20 feet for a two-way drive for parking area providing 10 or more stalls. • Access Aisles shall provide a clear vehicular path of the specified dimensions that is unobstructed by columns, mechanical equipment, parking spaces, and any other encroachments. • Pedestrian Entrances shall be at least 3 feet from stall, driveway or access aisle. • Allowable slopes, paving, and drainage as per Florida Building Code. • Off-street Parking facilities shall have a minimum vertical clearance of 7 feet. Where such a facility is ONE WAY TRAFFIC SINGLE LOADED ONE WAY TRAFFIC DOUBLE LOADED TWO WAY TRAFFIC DOUBLE LOADED 90 22 ft 22 ft 22 ft 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 116/614 to be used by trucks or loading Uses, the minimum clearance shall be 12 feet Residential and 15 feet Commercial and Industrial. • Ingress vehicular control devices shall be located so as to provide a minimum driveway of 20 feet in length between the Base Building Line and dispenser. • For requirements of parking lots, refer to Article 9 and the City of Miami Off-street Parking Guides and Standards. • No Waiver from required Access Aisle Widths shall be granted.

DOUBLE LOADED TWO WAY TRAFFIC DOUBLE LOADED 90 22 ft 22 ft 22 ft 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 116/614 to be used by trucks or loading Uses, the minimum clearance shall be 12 feet Residential and 15 feet Commercial and Industrial. • Ingress vehicular control devices shall be located so as to provide a minimum driveway of 20 feet in length between the Base Building Line and dispenser. • For requirements of parking lots, refer to Article 9 and the City of Miami Off-street Parking Guides and Standards. • No Waiver from required Access Aisle Widths shall be granted. 60 12.8 ft 11.8 ft 19.3 ft 45 10.8 ft 9.5 ft 18.5 ft Parallel 10 ft 10 ft 20 ft Standard stall: 8.5 ft x 18 ft minimum LOADING BERTH STANDARDS TRANSECT ZONES: T5, T6, CS, CI- HD, & CI TRANSECT ZONES: D1, D2, & D3 NOTES RESIDENTIAL* From 25,000 sf to 500,000 sf of Habitable Space Berth Types Dimensions Small: Minimum 10 ft wide, 20 ft long, & 12 ft high Medium: Minimum 12 ft wide, 35 ft long, & 15 ft high Large: Minimum 12 ft wide, 55 ft long, & 15 ft high No Waiver from Loading dimensional standards shall be granted. Substitutions For all Buildings: 1 Medium berth may be substituted by 2 Small berths By Right. For all Buildings: 1 Large berth may be substituted by 2 Medium berths By Right. For Buildings over 500,000 sf: 1 Medium berth may be substituted by 1 Small berth By Warrant. For Buildings over 500,000 sf: 1 Large berth may be substituted by 1 Medium berth By Warrant. The above substitutions requiring a Warrant shall only be allowed if the size, character, and operation of the Use is demonstrated by the applicant to not require the dimensions specified. Berth Type Loading Berths Medium 1 per first 100 units Small 1 per each additional 100 units or fraction of 100. Greater than 500,000 sf of Habitable Space Berth Type Loading Berths Large 1 per first 100 units Small 1 per each additional 100 units or fraction of 100. LODGING From 25,000 sf to 500,000 sf of Habitable Space From 25,000 sf to 500,000 sf of Habitable Space Berth Type Loading Berths Berth Type Loading Berths Medium 1 per 300 rooms Medium 1 per 300 rooms Small 1 per 100 rooms Small 1 per 100 rooms Greater than 500,000 sf of Habitable Space Greater than 500,000 sf of Habitable Space Berth Type Loading Berths Berth Type Loading Berths Large 1 per 300 rooms Large 1 per 300 rooms Small 1 per 100 rooms Small 1 per 100 rooms OFFICE COMMERCIAL** INDUSTRIAL*** From 25,000 sf to 500,000 sf of Habitable Space From 25,000 sf to 500,000 sf of Habitable Space Berth Type Loading Berths Area Berth Type Loading Berths Area Medium 1st 25K sf- 50K sf Medium 1st 25K sf-50K sf Medium 2nd 50K sf- 100K sf Medium 2nd 50K sf-100K sf Medium 3rd 100K sf- 250K sf Medium 3rd

sf of Habitable Space Greater than 500,000 sf of Habitable Space Berth Type Loading Berths Berth Type Loading Berths Large 1 per 300 rooms Large 1 per 300 rooms Small 1 per 100 rooms Small 1 per 100 rooms OFFICE COMMERCIAL** INDUSTRIAL*** From 25,000 sf to 500,000 sf of Habitable Space From 25,000 sf to 500,000 sf of Habitable Space Berth Type Loading Berths Area Berth Type Loading Berths Area Medium 1st 25K sf- 50K sf Medium 1st 25K sf-50K sf Medium 2nd 50K sf- 100K sf Medium 2nd 50K sf-100K sf Medium 3rd 100K sf- 250K sf Medium 3rd 100K sf-250K sf Medium 4th 250K sf- 500K sf Medium 4th 250K sf-500K sf Greater than 500,000 sf of Habitable Space Greater than 500,000 sf of Habitable Space Berth Type Loading Berths Area Berth Type Loading Berths Area Large 1/per each additional 500K sf Large 1/per each additional 500K sf 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 117/614 TABLE 6 FRONTAGES a. Common Lawn Frontage wherein the Façade is set back substantially from the Frontage Line. The front yard created remains unfenced and is visually continuous with adjacent yards, supporting a common landscape. The Setback can be densely landscaped to buffer from higher speed Thoroughfares. b. Porch & Fence Frontage wherein the Façade is set back from the Frontage Line with an attached Porch permitted to encroach. A fence at the Frontage Line maintains the demarcation of the yard while not blocking view into the front yard. c. Terrace or Light Court Frontage wherein the Façade is set back from the Frontage Line by an elevated terrace or a sunken light court. This type buffers residential use from urban sidewalks and removes the private yard from public encroachment. The raised terrace is suitable for outdoor cafes. d. Forecourt Frontage wherein a portion of the Façade is close to the Frontage Line with a portion set back. The forecourt with a large tree offers visual and environmental variety to the urban Streetscape. The Forecourt may accommodate a vehicular drop off. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 118/614 e. Stoop Frontage wherein the Façade is aligned close to the Frontage Line with the first Story elevated from the sidewalk sufficiently to secure privacy for the windows. The entrance is usually an exterior stair and landing. This type is recommended for ground-floor Residential Use. f. Shopfront Frontage wherein the Façade is aligned close to the Frontage Line with the Building entrance at sidewalk grade. This type is conventional for retail Use. It has substantial glazing at the sidewalk level and an Awning that may overhang the sidewalk. g. Gallery Frontage wherein the Façade is aligned close to the Frontage Line with an attached cantilevered or a lightweight colonnade overlapping the First Layer and may overlap the public ROW sidewalk. This type is conventional for retail Use. The Gallery shall be no less than 15’ feet wide and may overlap the whole width of the sidewalk to within 2 feet of the curb. Permitted by Special Area

Line with the Building entrance at sidewalk grade. This type is conventional for retail Use. It has substantial glazing at the sidewalk level and an Awning that may overhang the sidewalk. g. Gallery Frontage wherein the Façade is aligned close to the Frontage Line with an attached cantilevered or a lightweight colonnade overlapping the First Layer and may overlap the public ROW sidewalk. This type is conventional for retail Use. The Gallery shall be no less than 15’ feet wide and may overlap the whole width of the sidewalk to within 2 feet of the curb. Permitted by Special Area Plan. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 119/614 TABLE 7 CIVIC SPACE TYPES This table describes the standards for areas zoned as Civic Space (CS) and for Public Parks and Open Space provided by the Public Benefits Program. Civic Space Types should be at the ground level, landscaped and/or paved, open to the sky and shall be open to the public. Civic Space Types may be publicly or privately owned. Open Space requirements for each zone are described in Article 5. h. Arcade Frontage wherein the Façade includes a colonnade that overlaps the First Layer and may overlap the public ROW sidewalk, while the Façade at sidewalk level remains at the Frontage Line. This type is conventional for retail Use. The arcade shall be no less than 15’ feet wide and may overlap the whole width of the sidewalk to within 2 feet of the curb. Permitted by Special Area Plan g. Loggia Frontage wherein the Facade includes an outdoor room, typically raised, and set back behind the First Layer. The Loggia typically includes a colonnade with no exterior walls on the sides facing frontages. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 120/614 a. Park: A natural preserve available for unstructured and structured recreation programs. A Park may be independent of surrounding Building Frontages. Its landscape may be naturalistic and consist of paths and trails, meadows, woodland, sports fields and open shelters. Parks may be Conservation Areas, preserving natural conditions and their size may vary. b. Green: An Open Space, available for unstructured recreation programs. A Green may be spatially defined by landscaping rather than Building Frontages. Its landscape shall consist of lawn and trees, naturalistically disposed. The minimum size shall be one acre and the maximum shall be 4 acres. c. Square: An Open Space available for unstructured recreation programs and civic purposes. A square is spatially defined by Building Frontages with streets on at least one Frontage. Its landscape shall consist of pavement, lawns and trees, formally disposed. Squares shall be located at the intersection of important Thoroughfares. The minimum size shall be 1/3 acre and the maximum shall be 2 acres. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 121/614 d. Plaza: An Open Space available for civic purposes and programmed activities. A Plaza shall be spatially defined by Building Frontages and may include street Frontages. Its landscape shall consist primarily of pavement and trees. Plazas shall be located at the intersection of

purposes. A square is spatially defined by Building Frontages with streets on at least one Frontage. Its landscape shall consist of pavement, lawns and trees, formally disposed. Squares shall be located at the intersection of important Thoroughfares. The minimum size shall be 1/3 acre and the maximum shall be 2 acres. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 121/614 d. Plaza: An Open Space available for civic purposes and programmed activities. A Plaza shall be spatially defined by Building Frontages and may include street Frontages. Its landscape shall consist primarily of pavement and trees. Plazas shall be located at the intersection of important Thoroughfares. The minimum size shall be 1/8 acre and the maximum shall be 2 acres. e. Courtyard / Garden: An Open Space spatially defined by Buildings and street walls, and visually accessible on one side to the street. f. Playground: An Open Space designed and equipped for the recreation of children. A Playground shall be fenced and may include an open shelter. Playgrounds shall be interspersed within residential areas and may be placed within a Block. Playgrounds may be included within Parks and Greens. There shall be no minimum or maximum size. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 122/614 g. Pedestrian Passage: An Open Space connecting other public spaces, that is restricted to pedestrian use and limited vehicular access, of a minimum width of 20 feet. Building walls enfronting a Pedestrian Passage shall have frequent doors and windows. In T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80, a Pedestrian Passage may be roofed. h. Community Garden: A grouping of garden plots available for small-scale cultivation, generally to residents of apartments and other dwelling types without private gardens. Community gardens should accommodate individual storage sheds. i. Greenway: A continuous public space intended for recreation and conveyance that links to a larger linear trail network. A Greenway shall have a minimum length of a half-mile and an average width of 14 feet or more but may at no point have a width less than 8 feet. Its landscape should be similar to a Park with bike and pedestrian trails through the space for enhanced connectivity. Buildings fronting a Greenway shall be considered a Principal Frontage in all Transect Zones except in T3 zones. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 123/614 TABLE 8 DEFINITIONS ILLUSTRATED j. Woonerf: A vehicular street designed to be primarily Open Space available for civic purposes and programed activities with the interests of pedestrians and cyclists in mind. A Woonerf shall have a minimum length of 240 feet that incorporates one full block between two (2) Thoroughfares and an average ROW width of 50 feet or more. Buildings fronting a Woonerf shall be considered a Principal Frontage in all Transect Zones except in T3 zones. k. Play Street: A vehicular street designed to be primarily Open Space available for civic purposes and programmed activities a. THOROUGHFARE & FRONTAGES b. TURNING RADIUS c. BUILDING DISPOSITION 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 124/614 d. BUILD-TO ZONE e. FRONTAGE & LOT LINES e. SETBACK DESIGNATIONS f. VISIBILITY

pedestrians and cyclists in mind. A Woonerf shall have a minimum length of 240 feet that incorporates one full block between two (2) Thoroughfares and an average ROW width of 50 feet or more. Buildings fronting a Woonerf shall be considered a Principal Frontage in all Transect Zones except in T3 zones. k. Play Street: A vehicular street designed to be primarily Open Space available for civic purposes and programmed activities a. THOROUGHFARE & FRONTAGES b. TURNING RADIUS c. BUILDING DISPOSITION 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 124/614 d. BUILD-TO ZONE e. FRONTAGE & LOT LINES e. SETBACK DESIGNATIONS f. VISIBILITY TRIANGLE g. MIAMI ZONING CODE LAYERS i. INTERIOR LOT ii. TWO FRONTAGES iii. THREE FRONTAGES iv. FULL BLOCK FRONTAGE 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 125/614 DIAGRAM 9 RESIDENTIAL DENSITY INCREASE AREAS REFER TO MIAMI COMPREHENSIVE NEIGHBORHOOD PLAN AND

ARTICLE 4 . DIAGRAM 11. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 126/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 127/614 DIAGRAM 10 AREA SPECIFIC ILLUSTRATIONS 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 128/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 129/614 DIAGRAM 11 TRANSIT ORIENTED DEVELOPMENT - TOD TOD RESIDENTIAL DENSITY TRANSFER AREA – Up to a fifty percent (50%) increase above allowable Density in a T4, T5, and T6 is permitted through the Historic Preservation Transfer of Development Density program established in Chapter 23 of the City Code. This increase is allowable within three-quarters (¾) of a mile of a transit station. Density transfer into T4 allowed by Exception with City Commission approval. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 130/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 131/614 TABLE 12 DESIGN REVIEW CRITERIA DESIGN REVIEW CRITERIA BUILDING DISPOSITION • Locate Buildings to respond to the Lot and Neighborhood context taking into consideration Natural Features, existing Urban Form and Transect Zone requirements. • Reinforce and enhance the Neighborhood pattern and scale of lots, blocks, and open spaces. • Reinforce and enhance pedestrian and vehicular connectivity between Neighborhood amenities including public open spaces, the waterfront, and community facilities. • Ensure development is contextually sensitive to historical and cultural assets that contribute to the Neighborhood character. • Locate Buildings to reinforce and enhance significant locations and conditions such as terminated vistas and view corridors that contribute to the Neighborhood character. BUILDING CONFIGURATION • Ensure the scale and mass of Buildings and Building additions reinforce and enhance the existing streetscape and Neighborhood character. • Create transitions with Abutting properties that reinforce and enhance the Neighborhood context. • Articulate the roof to define the top of the Building, create a transition between Building and sky, and complement the Neighborhood context. • Orient and articulate the Building mass and architectural elements to reflect the local climate. • Provide usable and inviting Open Space that has visible and convenient pedestrian access from the public realm. BUILDING FUNCTION & DENSITY • Ensure transitions of Density, Intensity, and Height that complement the Neighborhood context. • Calibrate Density, Intensity, and Uses to facilitate walkability and promote transit use. PARKING STANDARDS • Minimize the impact of Parking and Loading on the public realm and adjacent properties. • Minimize the number and width of driveways and Curb cuts to reduce conflicts between pedestrian and vehicular circulation. • Screen Parking Structures and surface Parking to conceal internal elements including, but not limited to, vehicles, lights, and mechanical equipment from the public realm both day and night. ARCHITECTURAL STANDARDS • Design all Building Elevations visible from the public realm with architectural elements and materials that complement the Principal Building Façade to create a cohesive architectural composition. • Select high-quality, durable Building materials that respond to the urban context and local climate. • Incorporate architectural elements and Building materials at the ground level that enhance the pedestrian experience through variation in scale, texture, and color. • Incorporate Façade treatments such as changes in material and articulation to accentuate primary Building entries, prominent architectural features,

to, vehicles, lights, and mechanical equipment from the public realm both day and night. ARCHITECTURAL STANDARDS • Design all Building Elevations visible from the public realm with architectural elements and materials that complement the Principal Building Façade to create a cohesive architectural composition. • Select high-quality, durable Building materials that respond to the urban context and local climate. • Incorporate architectural elements and Building materials at the ground level that enhance the pedestrian experience through variation in scale, texture, and color. • Incorporate Façade treatments such as changes in material and articulation to accentuate primary Building entries, prominent architectural features, Art, and significant locations within a Neighborhood. • Articulate Building Facades at the street level to activate the public realm and enhance pedestrian continuity, and at the upper levels to acknowledge long views of Buildings. • Establish a pattern of windows and openings that are intrinsic to the Building design and respectful of the Neighborhood context; when not possible due to site circumstances, embellish walls with architectural design treatment and/or Art. LANDSCAPE STANDARDS 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 132/614

ARTICLE 5 . SPECIFIC TO ZONES Amendments to Article 5 • Preserve existing Natural and Geologic Features whenever possible. • Apply Florida Friendly Landscaping to conserve water, preserve Native plant species, enhance the City’s tree canopy, and promote best management practices. • Incorporate landscaping and hardscape that enhance Building design, create inviting Open Spaces, contribute to a high- quality, pedestrian-friendly Streetscape within the Neighborhood. SIGN STANDARDS • Provide Signs appropriate for the scale and character of the Building, establishment, and immediate Neighborhood. • Design and integrate Signs that complement the Building architecture and Neighborhood character. • Place and design Signs so as not to create a nuisance to Abutting properties, disrupt pedestrian circulation, or cause a traffic hazard. AMBIENT STANDARDS • Provide on-site lighting appropriate to the Building, streetscape design, and Neighborhood character in a manner that coordinates with signage, street lighting, and landscape. • Orient lighting to minimize glare to the public realm and Abutting properties. • Apply mitigation measures to protect Abutting properties, Neighborhoods, and the public realm from excessive noise, fumes, odors, commercial vehicle intrusion, traffic conflicts and light spillover. ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13176 05-13-2010 D1 Density 10-00361zt 13235 11-18-2010 Minor and non-substantial modifications throughout the Code 10-00956zt 13238 12-16-2010 Requirements for sheds and other structures; loading berth substitutions; requirements for public and commercial storage facilities; distance separation requirements for ALF’s; distance separation requirements for uses and structures 10-00963zt 13240 12-16-2010 Modification of door spacing requirements and removal of public easement requirements 10-00968zt 13242 12-16-2010 Establish limits and procedures for extensions above maximum height for stairs, elevators, mechanical equip., etc. 10-00970zt 13254 02-24-2011 Modify story height for T4 Transect to 40 feet max 10-01454zt 13259 03-24-2011 Regulations for fences and walls in certain Transects 10-01461zt 13314 02-23-2012 Added “Stuctures other than signs” to dominant setback waivers 11-00791zt 13326 06-28-2012 Additional flexibility for parking garages 12-00563zt 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 133/614 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13425 12-12-2013 Mechanical roof equipment amendment to T6-12 13-01089zt 13507 03-12-2015 Modification of Illustration 5.6 Urban Core Transect Zone (T6-24) to include T6-24(b) 14-01198zt 13516 03-26-2015 Modification of Balcony and Facade component encroachment allowances. 14-01215zt 13669 03-09-2017 T6 building disposition setback requirements 1690 13695 07-13-2017 Civic space zones density, intensity, and parking requirements 2289 13728 12-14-2017 Parking standards and placement for frontages and underground parking. 3003 13831 03-22- 2019 Freeboard 13944 11-19-2020 Solar Equipment 13946 11-19-2020 Provides proportional driveway width regulations in T3 14041 12-09-2021 To grant flexibility regarding waterfront building setback requirements in conjunction with recent amendments to Appendix B, titled "Waterfront Design Guidelines". 10773 14134 01-12-2023 To modify Section 5.4.2, 5.5.2, 5.6.2, related to Elevation and balcony enroachments 12603 14147 02-09-2023 Modification of Regulations related to fences and walls in certain layers (Setback Areas) to clarify fence, wall, and first layer (Setback Area) frontage requirements in the D1 and D2 district zones. 12918 14148 02-09-2023 Modification of Regulations related to fences and walls in certain layers (Setback Areas) to allow Single-Family Homes and Two-Family Homes

proportional driveway width regulations in T3 14041 12-09-2021 To grant flexibility regarding waterfront building setback requirements in conjunction with recent amendments to Appendix B, titled "Waterfront Design Guidelines". 10773 14134 01-12-2023 To modify Section 5.4.2, 5.5.2, 5.6.2, related to Elevation and balcony enroachments 12603 14147 02-09-2023 Modification of Regulations related to fences and walls in certain layers (Setback Areas) to clarify fence, wall, and first layer (Setback Area) frontage requirements in the D1 and D2 district zones. 12918 14148 02-09-2023 Modification of Regulations related to fences and walls in certain layers (Setback Areas) to allow Single-Family Homes and Two-Family Homes (Duplexes) in the applicable to fences and walls fo these uses in the "T3" Transect zone. 12917 14159 03-09-2023 To modify and simplify regulations related to driveways in the T3 Transect Zone 13318 14162 4-13-2023 To modify the regulations for access points along frontages in "T4" General Urban Transect Zones, "T5" Urban Center Transect Zones, and "T6" Urban Core Transect Zones. 13453 14167 04-27-2023 To allow additional felxibilities in office and commercial floorplate above the eight floor. 13540 14179 05-25-2023 To clarify the location and design of cross-Block Passage and, in specified circumstances, allow for enhanced design elements to be provided in Lieu of cross-Block Passage. 12861 14200 07-27-2023 Amends Article 1, Article 4, Article 5, Article 8, and Article 9. The changes clarify and introduce new frontage-related definitions, illustrations, modify T5 and T6 height requirements and add tree placement flexibility. 13627 14211 09-28-2023 Amends Article 3 and 5 clarifying density standards in certain transit locations, and allowing bonus building height and modifications to the development standards in specified areas within the T5 urban center. 14113 14212 09-28-2023 To permit city of Miami owned or city-funded affordable homeownership located in the T4 or T5 to utilize the development standards of the T3 transect zone. 14503 14228 10-26-2023 Incorporates additional height allowances and freeboard in the floodplain. 14631 14234 11-16-2023 To clarify and amend the Waiver process relating to alterations to nonconforming residences. 14195 14235 11-16-2023 Add new definition (Article 1); clarify the Waiver processes relating to elderly housing (Article 3); clarify Waiver processes relating to substitution of loading berths (Article 4); clarify the Waiver processes relating to service and parking access from a Principal Frontage (Article 5); clarify the Waiver processes relating to reservoir parking spaces (Article 6); clarify the Waiver processes relating to nonconforming properties and update the Waivers summary list (Article 7). 14196 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 134/614 5.1 GENERALLY 5.1.1 This Article sets forth the standards applicable to development within each Transect Zone that are specific to: Building Disposition Building Configuration Building Function and Density Parking Standards Architectural Standards Landscape Standards Ambient Standards City-owned or City-funded affordable homeownership Single-Family Residence or Two-Family Housing in T4 or T5 Transect Zones may utilize the development standards applicable to T3-L and T3-O, respectively. 5.2 NATURAL TRANSECT ZONES (T1) AND RURAL TRANSECT ZONES (T2) 5.2.1. Natural Transect Zones (T1) A Natural Transect (T1) Zone is a zone for environmental conservation.

summary list (Article 7). 14196 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 134/614 5.1 GENERALLY 5.1.1 This Article sets forth the standards applicable to development within each Transect Zone that are specific to: Building Disposition Building Configuration Building Function and Density Parking Standards Architectural Standards Landscape Standards Ambient Standards City-owned or City-funded affordable homeownership Single-Family Residence or Two-Family Housing in T4 or T5 Transect Zones may utilize the development standards applicable to T3-L and T3-O, respectively. 5.2 NATURAL TRANSECT ZONES (T1) AND RURAL TRANSECT ZONES (T2) 5.2.1. Natural Transect Zones (T1) A Natural Transect (T1) Zone is a zone for environmental conservation. 5.2.2. Rural Transect Zones (T2) – (RESERVED) 5.3 SUB-URBAN TRANSECT ZONES (T3) 5.3.1 Building Disposition (T3) ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 14236 11-16-2023 Introduces a flexible lot coverage program, clarifies the application of Waivers, and amends the 10% Waiver. 14202 14242 11-27-2023 Clarify configuration standards for rooftop elements. 14889 14251 01-11-2024 Allows for fences and walls in the first layer for uses that solely serve the needs of neighborhood children. 15125 14250 01-11-2024 Clarifies and amend the waiver processes. 14192 14262 03-14-2024 To allow bonus building height in certain Opportunity Zones within T5 15047 14306 09-30-2024 Allows two dwelling units on a legal nonconforming substandard lot zoned T3-O 16173 A T1 Zone is to be left in an essentially natural state. Modification of the natural conditions shall be according to Local, State and Federal guidelines. Public access to T1 areas may be limited if it presents a threat to wildlife and plant life within the areas. a. In a T1 Zone, improvements shall serve solely to protect natural elements. Any paved, graveled, mulched, boardwalk or otherwise improved surface or any habitable, enclosed or air conditioned space shall be kept to the minimum scale necessary to fulfill its purpose. Such improvements including but not limited to: screened or glassed enclosures, pathways, fencing, gatehouses, lighting, toilet facilities, parking areas, etc. may be allowed by process of Exception. Only activities and improvements which reinforce the natural character shall be allowed and upon a finding that there is no negative effect to the environment based on a study of potential environmental impacts to be provided by the applicant. b. One Dwelling Unit per five (5) acres allowed. c. Newly platted Lots shall be dimensioned according to Illustration 5.3. a. Lot Coverage by Building shall not exceed that shown in Illustration 5.3. b. A Building shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of its Lot according to Illustration 5.3. c. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 135/614 5.3.2 Building Configuration (T3) 5.3.3 Building Function & Density (T3) a. Buildings in T3 shall conform to the Functions, Densities, and Intensities described in Article 4, Tables 3 and 4 and Illustration 5.3. Certain Functions as shown in Article 4, Table 3 shall require approval by Warrant or Exception. Consult Article 6 for any supplemental use regulations. b. Religious Facilities requiring additional Height or relief from parking requirements and frontage requirements may be permitted by process of

Building shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of its Lot according to Illustration 5.3. c. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 135/614 5.3.2 Building Configuration (T3) 5.3.3 Building Function & Density (T3) a. Buildings in T3 shall conform to the Functions, Densities, and Intensities described in Article 4, Tables 3 and 4 and Illustration 5.3. Certain Functions as shown in Article 4, Table 3 shall require approval by Warrant or Exception. Consult Article 6 for any supplemental use regulations. b. Religious Facilities requiring additional Height or relief from parking requirements and frontage requirements may be permitted by process of Exception. 5.3.4 Parking Standards (T3) In Zone T3-R, one Principal Building consisting of one Dwelling Unit at the Frontage may be built on each Lot as shown in Article 4, Table 8. In Zone T3-L one Principal Building consisting of one Dwelling Unit at the Frontage and one Outbuilding may be built on each Lot. The Outbuilding shall be separated from the Principal Building by a minimum of ten (10) feet. A Backbuilding may connect the Principal Building and the Outbuilding. In Zone T3-O, one Principal Building consisting of two Dwelling Units at the Frontage may be built on each Lot as shown in Illustration 5.3. d. Setbacks for Principal Buildings shall be as shown in Illustration 5.3. Setbacks may otherwise be adjusted by Waiver by no more than ten percent (10%) except for Waivers to preserve Natural Features pursuant to Section 3.13.1(d), for irregular lots pursuant to Section 3.3.3(c), for alterations and additions to existing nonconforming Single Family Residences and Two-Family Housing pursuant to Section 7.2.3(a)(3). Where a Lot to be developed Abuts a Lot containing an existing legal Structure other than a Sign, a Waiver may be granted so the proposed Structure matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context. Where a Lot to be developed proposes a one (1) or two (2) Story Building and Abuts a Lot containing an existing legal Building, an Exception may be granted so that the proposed Building matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context. e. Facades shall be built parallel to a rectilinear Principal Frontage Line or parallel to the tangent of a curved Principal Frontage Line. f. Setbacks for Outbuildings, pools, tennis courts or other similar recreational facilities shall be as shown for Outbuildings in Illustration 5.3. g. Accessory Structures and Accessory Buildings shall follow the setbacks for Principal Buildings as shown in Illustration 5.3. One (1) Story, non-habitable Accessory Structures and Accessory Buildings, of a maximum of two hundred (200) square feet or ten percent (10%) of the Floor Area of the Principal Building, whichever is greater, shall be located in the Second or Third layer of the property and follow the Setbacks for the Outbuilding as shown in Illustration 5.3 h. Development within Private Frontages shall comply with Article 4, Tables 2 and 6 and Illustration 5.3. For T3-R and T3-L, second story lot coverage shall not

Structures and Accessory Buildings shall follow the setbacks for Principal Buildings as shown in Illustration 5.3. One (1) Story, non-habitable Accessory Structures and Accessory Buildings, of a maximum of two hundred (200) square feet or ten percent (10%) of the Floor Area of the Principal Building, whichever is greater, shall be located in the Second or Third layer of the property and follow the Setbacks for the Outbuilding as shown in Illustration 5.3 h. Development within Private Frontages shall comply with Article 4, Tables 2 and 6 and Illustration 5.3. For T3-R and T3-L, second story lot coverage shall not exceed thirty percent (30%). a. Encroachments shall be allowed as follows: At the First Layer, stairs may encroach up to eight (8) feet of the depth of the Setback. In the event an existing Building is raised in order to bring the finished floor elevation above the Base Flood Elevation plus Freeboard, stairs and ramps required for vertical circulation may encroach one hundred percent (100%) of the Setback by process of Waiver. Open Porches shall be at a minimum seven (7) feet deep and may encroach up to eight (8) feet of the depth of the Setback. At the First Layer, cantilevered portions of Awnings, balconies, bay windows and roofs shall be a maximum three (3) feet deep and may encroach up to three (3) feet of the depth of the Setback. Other cantilevered portions of the Building shall maintain the required Setback. At the Second and Third Layers, Awnings, balconies, bay windows, chimneys, roofs and stairs may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the depth of the Side Setback or three (3) feet, whichever is less. At the Third Layer, Awnings and canopies may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the depth of the Rear Setback. b. Unroofed screen enclosures shall be located within the Second or Third Layer only and shall have a five (5) foot minimum side and rear Setback. c. All outdoor storage, electrical, plumbing, mechanical, and communications equipment and appurtenant enclosures, shall be located within the Second or Third Layer, shall follow the Side and Rear Setbacks for Outbuildings as shown in Illustration 5.3, and shall be concealed from view from any Frontage. These shall not be allowed as Encroachments, on any required setback, except for Buildings existing as of the effective date of this Code, where mechanical equipment, such as air conditioning units, pumps, exhaust fans or other similar noise producing equipment cannot be located completely within the Buildable Area or on the roof, may be allowed as Encroachments by Waiver. d. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall conform to Article 4, Tables 2 and be as shown in Illustration 5.3. The first-floor elevation of a Principal Building shall be a maximum of two and a half (2.5) feet above grade, or Base Flood Elevation with a minimum of one (1) foot to a maximum of nine (9) feet of Freeboard, whichever is higher. A flat roof shall be

units, pumps, exhaust fans or other similar noise producing equipment cannot be located completely within the Buildable Area or on the roof, may be allowed as Encroachments by Waiver. d. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall conform to Article 4, Tables 2 and be as shown in Illustration 5.3. The first-floor elevation of a Principal Building shall be a maximum of two and a half (2.5) feet above grade, or Base Flood Elevation with a minimum of one (1) foot to a maximum of nine (9) feet of Freeboard, whichever is higher. A flat roof shall be a maximum of two Stories and twenty-five (25) feet. A pitched roof shall be a maximum of twenty-five (25) feet to the eave and shall not exceed ten (10) feet overall Height above the second Story. e. The first floor elevation as regulated by 5.3.2.e may be increased a maximum of three (3) feet above that already allowed in this section, so long as the maximum height of the structure remains at twenty five (25) feet measured above the freeboard elevation allowed in this section. f. Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be enclosed by parapets of the minimum Height necessary to conceal it, and a maximum Height of three and a half (3.5) feet. At the roof, other ornamental Building features may extend up to three and a half (3.5) feet above the maximum Building Height, or up to ten (10) feet by process of Waiver. Roof decks shall be permitted at the maximum Height. Trellises may extend above the maximum Height up to eight (8) feet. Extensions above the maximum Height for stair or elevator enclosures may contain up to a total of two hundred (200) square feet of Floor Area per unit and shall be set back ten (10) feet from all facades and elevations. All extensions including attics shall not exceed ten (10) feet above the second Story. g. Fences and walls may be located up to and including the Frontage Line to the following maximum Height. Height of fences and walls shall not exceed four (4) feet within the First Layer, except aluminum or iron picket and post Fences with or without masonry posts shall not exceed six (6) feet. Within the Second and Third Layers, Fences and walls shall not exceed eight (8) feet. h. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 136/614 a. Vehicular parking shall be required as shown in Article 4, Tables 4 and 5. b. Parking may be accessed by an Alley when such is available. c. Covered parking and garages shall be located within the Second and Third Layers as shown in Article 4, Table 8; in T3-R and T3-L a maximum thirty percent (30%) of the width of the Facade may be covered parking or garage. In T3-O covered parking and garages shall be a maximum sixty percent (60%) of the width of the façade. Covered parking and garages shall align with or be set back from the Facade. Driveways

shall be required as shown in Article 4, Tables 4 and 5. b. Parking may be accessed by an Alley when such is available. c. Covered parking and garages shall be located within the Second and Third Layers as shown in Article 4, Table 8; in T3-R and T3-L a maximum thirty percent (30%) of the width of the Facade may be covered parking or garage. In T3-O covered parking and garages shall be a maximum sixty percent (60%) of the width of the façade. Covered parking and garages shall align with or be set back from the Facade. Driveways and drop-offs including parking may be located within the First Layer. d. The maximum width of a driveway in the First Layer shall be twenty (20) feet. On Frontages with less than fifty (50) feet, driveways in the First Layer shall not exceed thirty percent (30%) of the length of the Frontage but in no case shall it be less than ten (10) feet. Two separate driveways on a Frontage shall have a minimum separation equal to forty percent (40%) of the length of the Frontage. e. Tandem Parking on site is encouraged. 5.3.5 Architectural Standards (T3) a. Only permanent Structures shall be allowed. Temporary Structures such as mobile homes, construction trailers, travel trailers, recreational vehicles, and other temporary Structures shall not be allowed except as per City Code. b. Roof materials should be light-colored, high Albedo or a planted surface. 5.3.6 Landscape Standards (T3) a. A minimum of one shade tree shall be planted within the First Layer for each fifty (50) feet of Frontage Line. b. At the First Layer, pavement shall be limited as follows: Impervious pavement shall be limited to thirty percent (30%) of the area and pervious pavement shall be limited to sixty percent (60%) of the area; a combination of pervious and impervious pavement shall be limited to sixty percent (60%) of the area in the First Layer. c. Green Space shall be a minimum twenty-five (25%) of the Lot area. 5.3.7 Ambient Standards (T3) a. Noise regulations shall be as established in the City Code. b. Average lighting levels measured at the Building Frontage shall not exceed one (1.0) foot-candle. c. Lighting of Building and Open Space of First and Second Layers shall be compatible with street lighting of Abutting public spaces. ILLUSTRATION 5.3 SUB-URBAN TRANSECT ZONES (T3) BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f.min. b. Lot Width 50 ft min. c. Lot Coverage 50% max. first floor 30% max. second floor (T3-R & T3-L only) d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback N/A 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 137/614 *Two (2) units may be built on a single lot, or up to eighteen (18) dwelling units per acre not to exceed two (2) units, whichever is greater. f. Green Space 25% Lot Area min. g. Density T3-R = 9 du/ac max. T3-L = 9 du/ac max. T3-O = 18 du/ac max.* BUILDING SETBACK OUTBUILDING

OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f.min. b. Lot Width 50 ft min. c. Lot Coverage 50% max. first floor 30% max. second floor (T3-R & T3-L only) d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback N/A 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 137/614 *Two (2) units may be built on a single lot, or up to eighteen (18) dwelling units per acre not to exceed two (2) units, whichever is greater. f. Green Space 25% Lot Area min. g. Density T3-R = 9 du/ac max. T3-L = 9 du/ac max. T3-O = 18 du/ac max.* BUILDING SETBACK OUTBUILDING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 20 ft. min. b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min. c. Side 5 ft. min. 20% Lot Width total min. d. Rear 20 ft. min. OUTBUILDING SETBACK (T3-L ONLY) a. Principal Front 20 ft. min. b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min. c. Side 5 ft. min. d. Rear 5 ft. min. BUILDING CONFIGURATION PARKING PLACEMENT FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn permitted b. Porch & Fence permitted c. Terrace or L.C permitted d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop prohibited f. Shopfront prohibited g. Gallery prohibited h. Arcade prohibited BUILDING HEIGHT BUILDING HEIGHT a. Principal Building 2 Stories and 25 ft. to eave max. b. Outbuilding 2 Stories and 25 ft. to eave max. PARKING Facade Width T3-R & T3-L 30% max. T3-O 60% max. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 138/614 5.4 GENERAL URBAN TRANSECT ZONES (T4) 5.4.1 Building Disposition (T4) 5.4.2 Building Configuration (T4) Newly platted Lots shall be dimensioned according to Illustration 5.4. a. Lot Coverage by any Building shall not exceed that shown in Illustration 5.4. b. A Building shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of its Lot according to Illustration 5.4. c. One Principal Building at the Frontage, and one Outbuilding to the rear of the Principal Building, may be built on each Lot as shown in Article 4, Table 8. The Outbuilding shall be separated from the Principal Building by a minimum of ten (10) feet. d. Setbacks for Principal Buildings shall be as shown in Illustration 5.4. Setbacks may otherwise be adjusted by Waiver by no more than ten percent (10%) except for Waivers to preserve Natural Features pursuant to Section 3.13.1(d), for irregular lots pursuant to Section 3.3.3(c), and for alterations and additions to existing non-conforming Single-Family Residences and Two-Family Residence pursuant to Section 7.2.3(a)(3). Where a Lot to be developed Abuts a Lot containing an existing legal Structure other than a Sign, a Waiver may be granted so the proposed Structure matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context. Where a Lot to be developed proposes a one (1) or two (2) Story Building and Abuts a Lot containing an existing legal Building, an Exception may be granted so that the proposed Building matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context. e. Facades shall be built parallel to a rectilinear Principal Frontage Line or parallel to the tangent of a curved

a Lot containing an existing legal Structure other than a Sign, a Waiver may be granted so the proposed Structure matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context. Where a Lot to be developed proposes a one (1) or two (2) Story Building and Abuts a Lot containing an existing legal Building, an Exception may be granted so that the proposed Building matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context. e. Facades shall be built parallel to a rectilinear Principal Frontage Line or parallel to the tangent of a curved Principal Frontage Line, for a minimum fifty percent (50%) of its length. f. The Setbacks for Outbuildings, pools, tennis courts or other similar recreational facilities shall be as shown for Outbuildings in Illustration 5.4. g. Accessory Structures shall follow the setbacks for Principal Buildings as shown in Illustration 5.4. One (1) Story, non-habitable Accessory Structures, of a maximum of two hundred (200) square feet or ten (10%) of the Floor Area of the Principal Building, whichever is greater, shall be located in the Second or Third layer of the property and shall be setback a minimum of five (5) feet from any side Property Line and ten (10) feet from any rear Property Line. h. Development within Private Frontages shall comply with Article 4, Tables 2 and 6 and Illustration 5.4. a. Encroachments shall be allowed as follows: At the First Layer, stairs may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the depth of the Setback. In the event an existing Building is raised in order to bring the finished floor elevation above the Base Flood Elevation plus Freeboard, stairs and ramps required for vertical circulation may encroach one hundred percent (100%) of the Setback by process of Waiver. Open Porches shall be at a minimum seven (7) feet deep and may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the depth of the Setback. At the First Layer, Cantilevered portions of Awnings, balconies, bay windows and roofs shall be at a maximum three (3) feet deep and may encroach up to thirty percent (30%) of the depth of the Setback. Other cantilevered portions of the Building shall maintain the required Setbacks. When a Lot abuts an existing Single family residence Building, the Building Elevation and/or Balconies on the rear or side shall be set back a minimum of three (3) feet from the property line. At the Second and Third Layers, Awnings, balconies, bay windows, chimneys, roofs, and stairs may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the depth of the Setback or three (3) feet, whichever is less. At the Third Layer, Awnings and canopies may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the depth of the Setback. b. Unroofed screen enclosures shall be located within the Second or Third Layer only and shall have a five (5) feet minimum side and rear Setback. c. All outdoor storage, electrical, plumbing, mechanical, and communications equipment and appurtenant enclosures, shall be

feet from the property line. At the Second and Third Layers, Awnings, balconies, bay windows, chimneys, roofs, and stairs may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the depth of the Setback or three (3) feet, whichever is less. At the Third Layer, Awnings and canopies may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the depth of the Setback. b. Unroofed screen enclosures shall be located within the Second or Third Layer only and shall have a five (5) feet minimum side and rear Setback. c. All outdoor storage, electrical, plumbing, mechanical, and communications equipment and appurtenant enclosures, shall be located within the Second or Third Layer, shall follow the Side and Rear Setbacks for Outbuildings as shown in Illustration 5.4, and shall be concealed from view from any Frontage. These shall not be allowed as Encroachments, on any required setback, except for Buildings existing as of the effective date of this Code, where mechanical equipment, such as air conditioning units, pumps, exhaust fans or other similar noise producing equipment cannot be located completely within the Buildable Area or on the roof, may be allowed as Encroachments by Waiver. d. Loading and service entries shall be accessed from Alleys when available and otherwise from the Secondary Frontage. When a Lot has only Principal Frontages, Vehicular Entries and Loading Spaces shall be within the Third Layer and access shall be permitted on Principal Frontages. Where a Lot is located on one (1) or more State or County Thoroughfares and is within 200 feet of a T3 Transect Zone on the same side of such Thoroughfare, all Vehicular Entries and Loading Spaces shall be from the Principal Frontage. e. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall conform to Article 4, Table 2 and be as shown in Illustration 5.4. The first-floor Elevation of a Principal Building shall be at average Sidewalk grade; a first-floor Residential or Lodging Function should be at a minimum Height of two (2) feet and a maximum Height of three and a half (3.5) feet for privacy reasons or Base Flood Elevation with a minimum of one (1) foot to a maximum of five (5) feet of Freeboard, whichever is higher. The height of the building shall be up to three (3) Stories, and a maximum of forty (40) feet to the top of the roof slab. f. Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be enclosed by parapets of the minimum Height necessary to conceal it, and a maximum Height of five (5) feet. Other ornamental Building features may extend up to five (5) feet above the maximum Building Height. Roof decks shall be permitted up to the maximum Height. Trellises may extend above the maximum Height up to eight (8) feet. Extensions up to ten (10) feet above the maximum Height for a stair, elevator or mechanical enclosure shall be limited to twenty (20%) of the roof area, unless approved by process of Waiver. g. Fences and walls may be located at the Frontage Line

by parapets of the minimum Height necessary to conceal it, and a maximum Height of five (5) feet. Other ornamental Building features may extend up to five (5) feet above the maximum Building Height. Roof decks shall be permitted up to the maximum Height. Trellises may extend above the maximum Height up to eight (8) feet. Extensions up to ten (10) feet above the maximum Height for a stair, elevator or mechanical enclosure shall be limited to twenty (20%) of the roof area, unless approved by process of Waiver. g. Fences and walls may be located at the Frontage Line as shown in Article 4, Table 6. Fences and walls shall be a maximum Height of four (4) feet at the First Layer, except aluminum or iron picket and post Fences with or without masonry posts shall not exceed six (6) feet. Within the Second and Third Layers, Fences and walls shall be a maximum Height of eight (8) feet. h. All ground floor and roof top utility infrastructure and mechanical equipment shall be concealed from public view. At the Building Frontage, all equipment such as backflow preventers, siamese connections, and the like shall be placed within the line of the Facade or behind the Streetscreen. On the roof, a screen wall shall conceal all equipment except antennas from lateral view. Solar Equipment shall be screened unless screening diminishes performance by i. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 139/614 5.4.3 Building Function & Density (T4) a. Buildings in T4 shall conform to the Functions, Densities, and Intensities described in Article 4, Tables 3 and 4 and Illustration 5.4. Certain functions as shown in Article 4, Table 3 shall require approval by Warrant or Exception. Consult Article 6 for any supplemental use regulations. 5.4.4 Parking Standards (T4) a. Vehicular parking shall be required as shown in Article 4, Tables 4 and 5. b. Parking may be accessed by an Alley when available. c. Surface parking lots, covered parking and garages shall be located within the Second and Third Layers as illustrated in Article 4, Table 8. Surface parking lots, garages, Loading space and service areas shall be masked from the Frontage by a Liner Building or Streetscreen as specified in Illustration 5.4. A maximum thirty percent (30%) of the width of the Facade may be surface parking, covered parking or garage, which shall align with or be set back from the Facade. Driveways and drop-offs including parking may be located within the First Layer. d. Underground parking may extend into the Second and First Layers only if it is fully underground and does not require raising the first-floor elevation of the First and Second Layers above that of the Sidewalk. Ramps to underground parking shall be within the Second and Third Layers. e. The maximum width at the Property Line of a driveway on a Frontage shall be twelve (12) feet. Shared driveway width combining ingress and egress shall be a maximum width of twenty (20) feet at the Property Line and

Driveways and drop-offs including parking may be located within the First Layer. d. Underground parking may extend into the Second and First Layers only if it is fully underground and does not require raising the first-floor elevation of the First and Second Layers above that of the Sidewalk. Ramps to underground parking shall be within the Second and Third Layers. e. The maximum width at the Property Line of a driveway on a Frontage shall be twelve (12) feet. Shared driveway width combining ingress and egress shall be a maximum width of twenty (20) feet at the Property Line and may encroach into Setbacks. Two separate driveways on one Lot shall have a minimum separation of twenty (20) feet. f. Tandem Parking on site should be encouraged. g. Shared Parking shall be calculated according to Article 4, Table 5. h. In T4-L and T4-O a minimum of one (1) bicycle rack space shall be provided for every twenty (20) vehicular parking spaces and may be in the Private Frontage. 5.4.5 Architectural Standards (T4) a. Only permanent structures shall be allowed. Temporary Structures such as mobile homes, construction trailers, travel trailers, recreational vehicles and other temporary structures shall not be allowed except as per City Code. b. The Facades on Retail Frontages shall be detailed as storefronts and glazed with clear glass no less than seventy percent (70%) of the Sidewalk level Story. Security screens shall be seventy percent (70%) open. c. Roof materials should be light-colored, high-Albedo or a planted surface and shall comply with Article 3, Section 3.13.2 of this Code. 5.4.6 Landscape Standards (T4) a. A minimum of ten percent (10%) of the Lot Area in the First Layer shall be Green Space. b. In the First Layer, pavement shall be limited as follows: impervious pavement shall be limited to forty percent (40%) of the area and pervious pavement shall be limited to fifty percent (50%) of the area; a combination of pervious and impervious pavement shall be limited to fifty percent (50%) of the area in the First Layer. c. Open Space shall be a minimum fifteen percent (15%) of the Lot Area. 5.4.7 Ambient Standards (T4) a. Noise regulation shall be as established by the City Code. b. Average lighting levels measured at the Building Frontage shall not exceed 2.0 fc (foot-candles). c. Lighting of Building and Open Space of First and Second Layers shall be compatible with street lighting of Abutting public spaces. d. The lighting fixtures of exposed rooftop parking shall be concealed by a parapet wall and shall not be seen from surrounding streets. greater than fifteen percent (15%) and the Solar Equipment cannot be feasibly relocated. Exhaust air fans and louvers may be allowed on the Façade only on Secondary Frontages above the first Floor. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 140/614 ILLUSTRATION 5.4 GENERAL URBAN TRANSECT ZONES (T4) BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area -With rear vehicular access 5,000 s.f. min.; 20,000 s.f. max. 1,400 s.f. min.; 20,000 s.f.

compatible with street lighting of Abutting public spaces. d. The lighting fixtures of exposed rooftop parking shall be concealed by a parapet wall and shall not be seen from surrounding streets. greater than fifteen percent (15%) and the Solar Equipment cannot be feasibly relocated. Exhaust air fans and louvers may be allowed on the Façade only on Secondary Frontages above the first Floor. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 140/614 ILLUSTRATION 5.4 GENERAL URBAN TRANSECT ZONES (T4) BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area -With rear vehicular access 5,000 s.f. min.; 20,000 s.f. max. 1,400 s.f. min.; 20,000 s.f. max. b. Lot Width -With rear vehicular access 50 ft min. 16 ft min. c. Lot Coverage 60% max. d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback 50% min. f. Open Space 15% Lot Area min. g. Density 36 du/ac max. BUILDING SETBACK OUTBUILDING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min. b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min. c. Side 0 ft. or 5 ft. min. Abutting a Setback d. Rear 20 ft. min. OUTBUILDING SETBACK a. Principal Front 30 ft. min. b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min. c. Side 0 ft. or 5 ft. min. Abutting a Setback d. Rear 5 ft. min. BUILDING CONFIGURATION PARKING PLACEMENT FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn permitted b. Porch & Fence permitted 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 141/614 5.5 URBAN CENTER TRANSECT ZONES (T5) 5.5.1 Building Disposition (T5) c. Terrace or L.C permitted d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop prohibited f. Shopfront permitted (T4-L and T4-O only) g. Gallery prohibited BUILDING HEIGHT h. Arcade prohibited BUILDING HEIGHT a. Principal Building 3 Stories and 40 ft. max. b. Outbuilding 2 Stories max. Newly platted Lots shall be dimensioned according to Illustration 5.5. a. Lot Coverage by any Building shall not exceed that shown in Illustration 5.5. Flexible Lot Coverage Program Additional Lot Coverage may be approved up to ninety percent (90%) if the proposed Development satisfies at least one (1) of the following conditions: b. Provision of a Roof Terrace in an amount of square footage equivalent to four (4) times the gross Lot Area obtained from increased Lot Coverage or twenty percent (20%) of the Building roof surface area, whichever amount is greater. i. Open Space provided off-site in an area of need identified by the City Parks and Open Space Master Plan and the City’s Parks Department, at an amount equal to the square footage obtained from increased Lot Coverage. The Open Space shall be provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. ii. A cash contribution to the Miami 21 Public Benefits Trust Fund or authorized program account equivalent to the Development’s Floor Area obtained by increased Lot Coverage on a square foot basis. The value of this cash contribution shall follow the provisions described in Section 3.14.4(b)(3). iii. Buildings shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of their Lots according to Illustration 5.5. c. Buildings shall have their principal Pedestrian Entrances on

the square footage obtained from increased Lot Coverage. The Open Space shall be provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. ii. A cash contribution to the Miami 21 Public Benefits Trust Fund or authorized program account equivalent to the Development’s Floor Area obtained by increased Lot Coverage on a square foot basis. The value of this cash contribution shall follow the provisions described in Section 3.14.4(b)(3). iii. Buildings shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of their Lots according to Illustration 5.5. c. Buildings shall have their principal Pedestrian Entrances on a Frontage Line or from a Courtyard at the Second Layer. d. On Principal Frontage(s), for the minimum Height, Facades shall be placed: e. In the Build-to Zone for a minimum of seventy percent (70%) of the length of each Principal Frontage as shown in Illustration 5.5; or i. At the edge of a Civic Space Type for a minimum of seventy percent (70%) of the length of each Principal Frontage and designed as per Article 4 Table 7; or ii. Along a Waterfront, pursuant to Appendix B – Waterfront Design Guidelines, Section 2.3(a); or iii. Utilizing a combination of the options above. In the absence of a Building along the remaining thirty percent (30%) of the Frontage Line, a Streetscreen shall be built co-planar with the Façade to conceal parking and service areas. iv. At the first Story, Façades along a Frontage Line shall have frequent doors and windows; Pedestrian Entrances shall occur at a maximum spacing of seventy- five (75) feet unless approved by Waiver. f. Setbacks for Buildings shall be as shown in Illustration 5.5. Where a Lot to be developed Abuts a Lot containing an existing legal Structure other than a Sign, a Waiver may be granted so the proposed Structure matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context. Where a Lot to be developed Abuts a Lot containing an existing legal Building, a Waiver may be granted so that the proposed Building matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context, as follows: g. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 142/614 Such cross-Block Passages shall: connect Thoroughfares or Civic Space Types that are opposite and approximately parallel to one another; connect to existing cross-Block Passages or placed in a way that future development may connect; be a minimum width of twenty (20) feet and a minimum height of fifteen (15) feet; not be covered above the first Story by more than twenty-five percent (25%) of its length with Structures connecting Buildings, such as a terrace, pedestrian bridge or vehicular bridge; and comply with the Design Review Guidelines as described in Article 4 Table 12 of this code. A cross-Block Passage shallnot be required if any of the following conditions apply: i. Maximum Lot size as shown in Illustration 5.5 may be increased by Exception for Uses that serve the Neighborhood. 5.5.2 Building Configuration (T5) For Rights-of-Way with

minimum width of twenty (20) feet and a minimum height of fifteen (15) feet; not be covered above the first Story by more than twenty-five percent (25%) of its length with Structures connecting Buildings, such as a terrace, pedestrian bridge or vehicular bridge; and comply with the Design Review Guidelines as described in Article 4 Table 12 of this code. A cross-Block Passage shallnot be required if any of the following conditions apply: i. Maximum Lot size as shown in Illustration 5.5 may be increased by Exception for Uses that serve the Neighborhood. 5.5.2 Building Configuration (T5) For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk less than six and half (6 ½) feet a two (2) Story building or less may be permitted by process of Waiver. i. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk greater than six and half (6 ½) feet, but less than twelve (12) feet, a four (4) Story building or less may be permitted by process of Waiver. ii. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk greater than twelve (12) feet may be permitted for the number of Stories allowed by the Transect Zone by process of Waiver. iii. For sites with three hundred and forty (340) feet Frontage length or more, a cross-Block Passage shall be provided as follows: If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point more than three hundred and forty (340) feet from a Thoroughfare intersection, the Building shall provide a cross-Block Pedestrian Passage. If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point six hundred and fifty (650) feet from a Thoroughfare intersection, a vehicular cross-Block Passage shall be provided. h. the site Abuts a T3 or T4 property at the side or rear that would prevent a cross-Block Passage from being provided. In such conditions, the Project shall provide an enhanced pedestrian experience by including the following design elements: 1. building articulation and/or a Civic Space Type that incorporates breaks in the Façade; enhanced hardscape design, landscape elements, furnishing elements, and lighting; and compliance with the Design Review Criteria shown in Article 4 Table 12. the site Abuts a historically designated Building, railway, highway, utilities, or natural feature that would prevent a cross-Block Passage from being provided. In such conditions, the Project shall include a Civic Space Type that complies with the following standards: 2. be a minimum of an equivalent area of the required cross–Block Passage (i.e. twenty feet (20) multiplied by the Lot depth); have a public access from a frontage line of a minimum width of twenty (20) feet; not be covered with Structures for more than twenty-five percent (25%) and shall have a minimum clearance of greater than fifteen (15) feet; and complies with the Design Review Criteria shown in Article 4 Table 12. Development within Private Frontages shall comply with Article 4, Tables 2 and 6 and Illustration 5.5. a. Encroachments shall be as follows: b. At the first Story in the First Layer, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation shall

feet (20) multiplied by the Lot depth); have a public access from a frontage line of a minimum width of twenty (20) feet; not be covered with Structures for more than twenty-five percent (25%) and shall have a minimum clearance of greater than fifteen (15) feet; and complies with the Design Review Criteria shown in Article 4 Table 12. Development within Private Frontages shall comply with Article 4, Tables 2 and 6 and Illustration 5.5. a. Encroachments shall be as follows: b. At the first Story in the First Layer, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation shall not be permitted, except in the following circumstances: 1. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk ten (10) feet or greater, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the First Layer for that portion of the site where the adjacent Sidewalk is ten (10) feet or greater. a. For portions of Lots with a depth of one hundred (100) feet or less and a Right-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk ten (10) feet or less, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the First Layer for twenty percent (20%) of the length of the Frontage subject to the following criteria for enhanced walkway design with review and approval by the Planning Director: b. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of twelve (12) feet including a minimum of three (3) feet of clear public Sidewalk for eighty percent (80%) of the Frontage; and i. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of ten (10) feet including a minimum of three (3) feet of clear public Sidewalk for twenty percent (20%) of the Frontage. Minimum circulation zone may be reduced to eight (8) feet when trees are placed within the Right-of-Way at those points. ii. For Lots with a length of three hundred (300) feet or more and a Right-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk ten (10) feet or less, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the First Layer for twenty percent (20%) of the length of the Frontage subject to the following criteria for enhanced walkway design with review and approval by the Planning Director: c. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of twelve (12) feet including a minimum of three (3) feet of clear public Sidewalk for eighty percent (80%) of the Frontage; and i. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of ten (10) feet including a minimum of three (3) feet of clear public Sidewalk for twenty percent (20%) of the Frontage. Minimum circulation zone may be reduced to eight (8) feet when trees are placed within the Right-of-Way at those ii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 143/614 points. In the event an existing Building is raised in order to bring the finished floor elevation above the Base Flood Elevation plus Freeboard, stairs and ramps required for vertical circulation may encroach one

clear public Sidewalk for eighty percent (80%) of the Frontage; and i. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of ten (10) feet including a minimum of three (3) feet of clear public Sidewalk for twenty percent (20%) of the Frontage. Minimum circulation zone may be reduced to eight (8) feet when trees are placed within the Right-of-Way at those ii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 143/614 points. In the event an existing Building is raised in order to bring the finished floor elevation above the Base Flood Elevation plus Freeboard, stairs and ramps required for vertical circulation may encroach one hundred percent (100%) of the Setback by process of Waiver. d. At the first Story in the First Layer, cantilevered Awnings and cantilevered entry canopies may encroach up to one hundred percent (100%) of the depth of the Setback; except as may be further allowed by Chapter 54 of the City Code. 2. Above the first Story in the First Layer, cantilevered balconies, bay windows, roofs and Façade components promoting energy efficiency such as shading and Screening devices that are non-accessible, may encroach a maximum of three (3) feet into the Setback. Other cantilevered portions of the Building shall maintain the required Setback. 3. At the Second and Third Layers no encroachments are permitted. 4. When a Lot abuts an existing Single family residence Building, the Building Elevation and/or Balconies on the rear or side shall be set back a minimum of three (3) feet from the property line. 5. Galleries and Arcades shall be a minimum fifteen (15) feet deep and may encroach up to one hundred percent (100%) of the depth of the Setback by process of a Special Area Plan. c. Screen enclosures shall be located within the Second or Third Layer only and shall have a five (5) feet minimum side and rear Setback when Abutting T3 or T4. d. Loading and service entries shall be accessed from Alleys when available and otherwise from the Secondary Frontage. When a Lot has only Principal Frontages, Vehicular Entries, Loading Spaces shall be within the Third Layer and access shall be permitted on Principal Frontages. Where a Lot is located on one or more State or County Thoroughfares and is within 200 feet of a T3 Transect Zone on the same side of such Thoroughfare, all Vehicular Entries and Loading Spaces shall be accessed from a single access point on the Principal Frontage. e. All outdoor storage, electrical, plumbing, mechanical, and communications equipment and appurtenant enclosures shall be located within the Second or Third Layer and concealed from view from any Frontage or sidewalk by Liner Buildings, walls, Streetscreens, or opaque gates. These shall not be allowed as Encroachments. f. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall conform to Article 4, Table 2 and be as shown in Illustration 5.5. The first floor elevation shall be at average Sidewalk grade. A first floor Residential or Lodging Function should be raised a minimum of two (2) feet and

on the Principal Frontage. e. All outdoor storage, electrical, plumbing, mechanical, and communications equipment and appurtenant enclosures shall be located within the Second or Third Layer and concealed from view from any Frontage or sidewalk by Liner Buildings, walls, Streetscreens, or opaque gates. These shall not be allowed as Encroachments. f. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall conform to Article 4, Table 2 and be as shown in Illustration 5.5. The first floor elevation shall be at average Sidewalk grade. A first floor Residential or Lodging Function should be raised a minimum of two (2) feet and a maximum of three and a half (3.5) feet above average Sidewalk grade for privacy reasons, or Base Flood Elevation with a minimum of one (1) foot to a maximum of five (5) feet of Freeboard, whichever is higher. Existing one Story Structures shall be considered conforming and may be enlarged. g. Roof elements shall be permitted as follows: h. Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be visually concealed from ground-level and lateral views by parapets or screens of the minimum height necessary , but said parapets and screens shall not exceed ten (10) feet. 1. Ornamental Building features, decorative elements, or similar Structures on a roof may extend up to twelve (12) feet in height. 2. Trellises and fabric shade structures on a roof may extend up to twelve (12) feet in height. 3. Stair and elevator enclosures, may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height. 4. Cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms on a roof may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from the Building Facades. 5. Non-Habitable void space on a roof accommodating the depth of swimming pools; landscaping; decks; Extensive, Semi-Intensive, and Intensive Green Roof systems; transfer beams and other structural elements; and/or mechanical systems may extend up to six (6) feet in height. For the purposes of this subsection only, other permitted roof elements may extend above the vertical extent of the void space for the additional height specified. Non- Habitable void space may cover one hundred percent (100%) of the roof and shall not be counted as Public Benefit Floor Area. 6. Habitable Spaces above the top Story shall comply with the following requirements: 7. may extend up to fourteen (14) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from Building Facades; a. may be used as amenity or Commercial Uses identified within Article 4, Table 3 Building Function: Uses and shall provide associated outdoor roof programming; b. shall not be used as Residential Units, Lodging Units, or Office space; and c. shall be treated as Public Benefit Floor Area for the first twenty percent (20%) and 1.5 times Public Benefit Floor Area for the additional twenty percent (20%). d. Habitable Spaces, cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms, mechanical equipment, and stair and elevator enclosures on a roof may: 8. cover up to twenty percent (20%)

ten (10) feet from Building Facades; a. may be used as amenity or Commercial Uses identified within Article 4, Table 3 Building Function: Uses and shall provide associated outdoor roof programming; b. shall not be used as Residential Units, Lodging Units, or Office space; and c. shall be treated as Public Benefit Floor Area for the first twenty percent (20%) and 1.5 times Public Benefit Floor Area for the additional twenty percent (20%). d. Habitable Spaces, cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms, mechanical equipment, and stair and elevator enclosures on a roof may: 8. cover up to twenty percent (20%) of the roof area; and a. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 144/614 5.5.3 Building Function & Density (T5) a. Buildings in T5 shall conform to the Functions, Densities, and Intensities described in Article 4, Tables 3 and 4 and Illustration 5.5. Certain Functions as shown in Article 4, Table 3 shall require approval by Warrant or Exception. Consult Article 6 for any supplemental use regulations. 5.5.4 Parking Standards (T5) cover an additional 20% of the roof area, not to exceed a total of forty percent (40%), when an Intensive Green Roof of an equivalent size of the additional area is provided and maintained. b. All roof elements shall be designed to: 9. harmonize with the overall architectural intent of the building; a. mitigate any negative visual impacts of the additional height and massing on the roof; and b. comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria. c. All roof elements shall be designed and maintained to comply with Florida Building Code including, where possible, the use of Notice of Acceptance (NOA) products, and any vegetated roof system shall be independent of the roof structure, to be verified by the Building Department. 10. All ground floor and roof top utility infrastructure and mechanical equipment shall be concealed from public view. At the Building Frontage, all equipment such as backflow preventers, siamese connections, and the like shall be placed within the line of the Facade or behind the Streetscreen. On the roof, a screen wall shall conceal all equipment except antennas from lateral view. Solar Equipment shall be screened unless screening diminishes performance by greater than fifteen percent (15%) and the Solar Equipment cannot be feasibly relocated. Exhaust air fans and louvers may be allowed on the Façade only on Secondary Frontages above the first floor. i. Streetscreens shall be between three and a half (3.5) and eight (8) feet in Height and constructed of a material matching the adjacent building Façade or of masonry, wrought iron or aluminum. The Streetscreen may be replaced by a hedge or fence. Streetscreens shall have openings no larger than necessary to allow automobile and pedestrian access. Streetscreens shall be located co-planar with the Building Facade Line. Streetscreens more than three (3) feet high shall be fifty percent (50%) permeable or articulated to avoid blank walls. j. Within the Second and Third Layers, fences and walls shall not exceed a Height of eight (8) feet.

three and a half (3.5) and eight (8) feet in Height and constructed of a material matching the adjacent building Façade or of masonry, wrought iron or aluminum. The Streetscreen may be replaced by a hedge or fence. Streetscreens shall have openings no larger than necessary to allow automobile and pedestrian access. Streetscreens shall be located co-planar with the Building Facade Line. Streetscreens more than three (3) feet high shall be fifty percent (50%) permeable or articulated to avoid blank walls. j. Within the Second and Third Layers, fences and walls shall not exceed a Height of eight (8) feet. Existing or permitted Single-Family Residences and Two- Family Housing as of the effective date of this amendment to the Miami 21 Code may utilize the standards applicable to fences and walls in the T3 Transect Zone provided that such Use is the only Use on the Lot and that any such fence and wall erected or maintained pursuant to this subsection be removed upon any other change of Use. Notwithstanding the above, fences and walls not exceeding a height of eight (8) feet, may be located within the First Layer in connection with Uses that solely serve needs of neighborhood children and are affiliated with an abutting approved Rescue Mission provided said fences and walls be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping that mitigates and enhances their appearance; harmonizes with the architecture of the facility and neighborhood character; and complies with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. k. Vehicular parking and loading shall be required as shown in Article 4, Tables 4 and 5. a. On-street parking available along the Frontage Lines that correspond to each Lot shall be counted toward the parking requirement of the Building on the Lot. b. Parking should be accessed by an Alley. Parking shall be accessed from the Secondary Frontage when available. Where Lots have only Principal Frontages, parking may be accessed from the Principal Frontages. c. Primary Frontage: All Parking including drop-off drives and porte-cocheres, open parking areas, covered parking, Parking Garages, Loading Space and service areas shall be located within the Third Layer and shall be masked from the Frontage by a Liner Building or Streetscreen as illustrated in Article 4, Table 8. Ground Level Parking may extend into the Second Layer a maximum of twenty five percent (25%) of the length of the Primary Frontage or up to a maximum of fifty (50) feet, whichever is less. A Liner shall be provided for the length of the Pedestal, as shown in Illustration 5.5. Alternative Parking options shall be as follows: d. Above the first Story, Parking may extend into the Second Layer by Waiver if an art or glass treatment of a design to be approved by the Planning Director is provided for one hundred percent (100%) of that portion of the Pedestal Façade. i. Above the second Story, Parking may extend into the Second Layer By Right if Liners are provided at the ground and second stories

a maximum of fifty (50) feet, whichever is less. A Liner shall be provided for the length of the Pedestal, as shown in Illustration 5.5. Alternative Parking options shall be as follows: d. Above the first Story, Parking may extend into the Second Layer by Waiver if an art or glass treatment of a design to be approved by the Planning Director is provided for one hundred percent (100%) of that portion of the Pedestal Façade. i. Above the second Story, Parking may extend into the Second Layer By Right if Liners are provided at the ground and second stories which fully conceal the parking and if an art or glass treatment, of a design to be approved by the Planning Director, is provided for one hundred percent (100%) of that portion of the Pedestal Façade where there is no Liner. ii. Secondary Frontage. All Parking, open parking areas, covered parking, Parking Garages, Loading Spaces, and service areas shall be located in the Third Layer. Parking may extend into the Second Layer a maximum of fifty percent (50%) of the length of the Frontage, as shown in Illustration 5.5. A Liner shall be provided for a minimum of fifty percent (50%) of the length of the Pedestal, as shown in Illustration 5.5. Where open parking areas are not masked by a Liner they shall be masked by a Streetscreen. Alternative Parking options shall be as follows: e. Above the first Story, Parking may extend into the Second Layer beyond fifty percent (50%) of the length of the Pedestal by process of Waiver if an art or glass treatment of a design to be approved by the Planning Director or designee is provided for that portion of the Pedestal Facade. i. Above the second Story, Parking may extend into the Second Layer, by Right, if Liners are provided at the ground and second stories for a minimum of percent (50%) of the length of the Pedestal, as shown in Illustration 5.5, and if an art or glass treatment, of a design to be approved by the Planning Director, is provided for one hundred percent (100%) of that portion of the Pedestal Façade where there is no Liner. ii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 145/614 5.5.5 Architectural Standards (T5) a. Only permanent Structures shall be allowed. Temporary Structures such as mobile homes, construction trailers, travel trailers, recreational vehicles and other temporary Structures shall not be allowed except as per City Code and this Code. b. The Facades on Retail Frontages shall be detailed as storefronts and glazed with clear glass no less than seventy percent (70%) of the sidewalk-level Story. Security screens shall be seventy percent (70%) open. c. Roof materials should be light-colored, high Albedo or a planted surface and shall comply with Article 3, Section 3.13.2 of this Code. d. The Facade of a parking garage that is not concealed behind a Habitable Liner shall be screened to conceal all internal elements such as plumbing pipes, fans, ducts and lighting.

shall not be allowed except as per City Code and this Code. b. The Facades on Retail Frontages shall be detailed as storefronts and glazed with clear glass no less than seventy percent (70%) of the sidewalk-level Story. Security screens shall be seventy percent (70%) open. c. Roof materials should be light-colored, high Albedo or a planted surface and shall comply with Article 3, Section 3.13.2 of this Code. d. The Facade of a parking garage that is not concealed behind a Habitable Liner shall be screened to conceal all internal elements such as plumbing pipes, fans, ducts and lighting. Ramping should be internalized wherever possible. Exposed spandrels shall be prohibited. The exposed top level of parking Structures shall be covered a maximum of sixty percent (60%) with a shade producing Structure such as, but not limited to, a vined pergola or retractable canvas shade Structure. 5.5.6 Landscape Standards (T5) 5.5.7 Ambient Standards (T5) ILLUSTRATION 5.5 GENERAL URBAN TRANSECT ZONES (T5) Underground parking may extend into the Second and First Layers only if it is fully underground and does not require raising first-floor elevation of the First and Second Layers above that of the Sidewalk. Ramps to underground parking shall be only within the Second and Third Layers. f. A Vehicular Entry on a Frontage shall be no wider than twenty-five (25) feet and the minimum distance between Vehicular Entries shall be sixty (60) feet, unless approved by Waiver. g. Pedestrian Entrances to all parking lots and parking structures shall be directly from a Frontage Line. Underground parking structures should be entered by pedestrians directly from a Principal Building. h. Buildings mixing Uses shall provide parking for each Use. Shared Parking shall be calculated according to Article 4, Table 5. i. The First Layer shall be paved and landscaped as per Illustration 8.4. a. Open Space shall be a minimum of ten percent (10%) of the Lot Area. Unpaved Green Space shall be a minimum five percent (5%) of the Lot Area. b. Noise regulations shall be as established in the City Code. a. Average lighting levels measured at the Building Frontage shall not exceed 5.0 fc (foot-candles). b. Lighting of Building and contingent Open Spaces shall be compatible with street lighting of Abutting public spaces as illustrated in Article 8. Interior garage lighting fixtures shall not be visible from streets. c. The lighting fixtures of exposed rooftop parking shall be concealed by a parapet wall and shall not be seen from surrounding streets. d. BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area -With rear vehicular access 5,000 s.f. min.; 40,000 s.f. max. 1,200 s.f. min.; 40,000 s.f. max. b. Lot Width -With rear vehicular access 50 ft min. 16 ft min. c. Lot Coverage 80% - 90% max.*, except where greater lot coverage is approved by Exception from City Commission within TOD area. d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 146/614 f. Open Space 10% Lot Area

be concealed by a parapet wall and shall not be seen from surrounding streets. d. BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area -With rear vehicular access 5,000 s.f. min.; 40,000 s.f. max. 1,200 s.f. min.; 40,000 s.f. max. b. Lot Width -With rear vehicular access 50 ft min. 16 ft min. c. Lot Coverage 80% - 90% max.*, except where greater lot coverage is approved by Exception from City Commission within TOD area. d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 146/614 f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 65 du/ac max. BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min. b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min. c. Side 0 ft. min. d. Rear 0 ft. min. e. Abutting Side or Rear T4 6ft 1st through 5th Story 26 ft. min. above the 5th Story, except where lesser setbacks are approved by Exception from City Commission within TOD area. f. Abutting Side or Rear T3 10% of Lot depth** min. 1st through 2nd Story 26 ft. min. above 2nd Story, except where lesser setbacks are approved by Exception from City Commission within TOD area. BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 147/614 FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C. prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T5-L and T5-O only) g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan i. Loggia permitted BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 1 Story (15ft min.) b. Max. Height 5 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height 3 Stories Abutting D1, except when Abutting T3 3 Stories within a TOD*** 3 Stories for lots assembled and platted prior to Miami 21 that are more than 200,000 sq ft.*** 3 Stories within an Opportunity Zone and a Transit Corridor or TOD 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 148/614 5.6 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6) 5.6.1 Building Disposition (T6) * As modified through the Flexible Lot Coverage Program *** Shall be process of Exception in circumstances specified in Section 3.14.1.1 Newly platted Lots shall be dimensioned according to Illustration 5.6. a. Lot Coverage by any Building shall not exceed that shown in Illustration 5.6. Flexible Lot Coverage Program Additional Lot Coverage may be approved up to ninety percent (90%) if the proposed Development satisfies at least one (1) of the following conditions: b. Provision of a Roof Terrace in an amount of square footage equivalent to four (4) times the gross Lot Area obtained from increased Lot Coverage or twenty percent (20%) of the Building roof surface area, whichever amount is greater. i. Open Space provided off-site in an area of need identified by the City Parks and Open Space Master Plan and the City’s Parks Department, at an amount equal to the square footage obtained from increased Lot Coverage. The Open Space shall be provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of

of the following conditions: b. Provision of a Roof Terrace in an amount of square footage equivalent to four (4) times the gross Lot Area obtained from increased Lot Coverage or twenty percent (20%) of the Building roof surface area, whichever amount is greater. i. Open Space provided off-site in an area of need identified by the City Parks and Open Space Master Plan and the City’s Parks Department, at an amount equal to the square footage obtained from increased Lot Coverage. The Open Space shall be provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. ii. A cash contribution to the Miami 21 Public Benefits Trust Fund or authorized program account equivalent to the Development’s Floor Area obtained by increased Lot Coverage on a square foot basis. The value of this cash contribution shall follow the provisions described in Section 3.14.4(b)(3). iii. Buildings shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of their Lots according to Illustration 5.6. c. Buildings shall have their principal Pedestrian Entrances on a Frontage Line or from a courtyard at the Second Layer. d. On Principal Frontage(s), for the minimum Height, Facades shall be placed: e. In the Build-to Zone for a minimum of seventy percent (70%) of the length of each Principal Frontage as shown in Illustration 5.6; or i. At the edge of a Civic Space Type for a minimum of seventy percent (70%) of the length of each Principal Frontage and designed as per Article 4 Table 7; or ii. Along a Waterfront, pursuant to Appendix B – Waterfront Design Guidelines, Section 2.3(a); or iii. Utilizing a combination of the options above. In the absence of a Building along the remaining thirty percent (30%) of the Frontage Line, a Streetscreen shall be built co-planar with the Façade to shield parking and service areas. In the case of two (2) or three (3) Principal Frontages meeting at Thoroughfare intersections, the Building corner may recede from the designated Setback up to twenty percent (20%) of the Lot length. iv. At the first Story, Facades along a Frontage Line shall have frequent doors and windows; Pedestrian Entrances shall occur at a maximum spacing of seventy five (75) feet unless approved by Waiver. f. Setbacks for Buildings shall be as shown in Illustration 5.6. Front Setbacks above the eighth floor for Lots having a depth of one hundred (100) feet or less may be reduced to match the front Setback of the podium for that portion of the Lot where the depth is one hundred (100) feet or less, by process of Waiver. For T6-24, T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80, the Front Setbacks above the eighth floor shall not be required for a Frontage facing a Civic Space or a Right-of-Way seventy (70) feet or greater in width. At property lines Abutting a lower Transect Zone the Setbacks shall reflect the transition as shown in Illustration 5.6. Where a Lot to be developed Abuts an existing legal Structure other

feet or less may be reduced to match the front Setback of the podium for that portion of the Lot where the depth is one hundred (100) feet or less, by process of Waiver. For T6-24, T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80, the Front Setbacks above the eighth floor shall not be required for a Frontage facing a Civic Space or a Right-of-Way seventy (70) feet or greater in width. At property lines Abutting a lower Transect Zone the Setbacks shall reflect the transition as shown in Illustration 5.6. Where a Lot to be developed Abuts an existing legal Structure other than a Sign, a Waiver may be granted so the proposed Structure matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context. Where a Lot to be developed Abuts a Lot containing an existing legal Building, a Waiver may be granted so that the proposed Building matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context, as follows: g. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk less than six and half (6 ½) feet a two (2) Story building or less may be permitted by process of Waiver. i. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk greater than six and half (6 ½) feet, but less than twelve (12) feet, a four (4) Story building or less may be permitted by process of Waiver. ii. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk greater than twelve (12) feet may be permitted for the number of Stories allowed by the Transect Zone by process of Waiver. iii. Above the eighth floor, minimum building spacing is sixty (60) feet, except that where the Building abuts T5, the sixty (60) feet required spacing shall be above the fifth floor. For T6-24, T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80 Lots having one dimension one hundred (100) feet or less, side and rear Setbacks above the eighth floor may be reduced to a minimum of twenty (20) feet, for that portion of the Lot where the depth or width is one hundred (100) feet or less, by h. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 149/614 Such cross-Block Passage shall: connect Thoroughfares or Civic Space Types that are opposite and approximately parallel to one another; connect to existing cross-Block Passages or placed in a way that future development may connect; be a minimum width of twenty (20) feet and a minimum height of fifteen (15) feet; not be covered above the first Story by more than twenty-five percent (25%) of its length with Structures connecting Buildings, such as a terrace, pedestrian bridge or vehicular bridge. In T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80 a Pedestrian Passage may be roofed; and comply with the Design Review Guidelines as described in Article 4 Table 12 of this code. A cross-Block Passage shall not be required if any of the following conditions apply: 1. the site Abuts a T3 or T4 property at the side or rear that would prevent a cross-Block Passage from being provided. In such conditions, the Project shall

be covered above the first Story by more than twenty-five percent (25%) of its length with Structures connecting Buildings, such as a terrace, pedestrian bridge or vehicular bridge. In T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80 a Pedestrian Passage may be roofed; and comply with the Design Review Guidelines as described in Article 4 Table 12 of this code. A cross-Block Passage shall not be required if any of the following conditions apply: 1. the site Abuts a T3 or T4 property at the side or rear that would prevent a cross-Block Passage from being provided. In such conditions, the Project shall provide an enhancedpedestrian experience by including the following design elements: building articulation and/or a Civic Space Type that incorporates breaks in the Façade; enhanced hardscape design, landscape elements, furnishing elements, and lighting; and compliance with the Design Review Criteria shown in Article 4 Table 12. 2. the site Abuts a historically designated Building, railway, highway, utilities, or natural feature that would prevent a cross-Block Passage from being provided. In such conditions, the Project shall include a Civic Space Type that complies with the following standards: be a minimum of an equivalent area of the required cross–Block Passage (i.e. twenty feet (20) multiplied by the Lot depth); have a public access from a frontage line of a minimum width of twenty (20) feet; not be covered with Structures for more than twenty-five percent (25%) and shall have a minimum clearance of greater than fifteen (15) feet; and complies with the Design Review Criteria shown in Article 4 Table 12. j. Maximum Lot size as shown in Illustration 5.6 may be increased by Exception for Uses that serve the Neighborhood. 5.6.2 Building Configuration (T6) a. Development within Private Frontages shall comply with Article 4, Table 2 and 6 and Illustration 5.6. b. Above the eighth floor, the Building Floorplate dimensions shall be limited as follows: 1. 15,000 square feet maximum for Residential & Lodging Uses in T6-8, T6-12 and T6-24 2. 18,000 square feet maximum for Residential & Lodging Uses in T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80 3. 180 feet maximum length for Residential & Lodging Uses 4. Balconies or any other exterior projections shall not project by a distance greater than twelve (12) feet beyond the Building Floorplate maximum length in any direction 5. Balconies shall not encroach more than five (5) feet into the minimum required Building spacing dimensions as required by Section 5.6.1.h; no Waivers shall be applied to this provision c. Encroachments shall be as follows: 1. At the first Story in the First Layer, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation shall not be permitted, except in the following circumstances: process of Waiver. For T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80 above the eighth floor in the Second Layer, at a setback of ten (10) feet, an additional two stories of habitable space may extend a maximum sixty percent (60%) of the length of the street Frontages. For T6-24, T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80 above the eighth floor

by Section 5.6.1.h; no Waivers shall be applied to this provision c. Encroachments shall be as follows: 1. At the first Story in the First Layer, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation shall not be permitted, except in the following circumstances: process of Waiver. For T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80 above the eighth floor in the Second Layer, at a setback of ten (10) feet, an additional two stories of habitable space may extend a maximum sixty percent (60%) of the length of the street Frontages. For T6-24, T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80 above the eighth floor an additional six feet of non-habitable space may be allowed without additional setback to accommodate depth of swimming pools, landscaping, transfer beams, and other structural and mechanical systems. For sites with three hundred and forty (340) feet Frontage length or more, a cross-Block Passage shall be provided as follows: If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point more than three hundred and forty (340) feet from a Thoroughfare intersection, the Building shall provide a cross-Block Pedestrian Passage. If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point six hundred and fifty (650) feet from a Thoroughfare intersection, a vehicular cross-Block passage shall be provided. i. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk ten (10) feet or greater, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the First Layer for that portion of the site where the adjacent Sidewalk is ten (10) feet or greater. a. For portions of Lots with a depth of one hundred (100) feet or less and a Right-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk ten (10) feet or less, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the First Layer for twenty percent (20%) of the length of the Frontage subject to the following criteria for enhanced walkway design with review and approval by the Planning Director: b. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of twelve (12) feet including a minimum of three (3) feet of clear public Sidewalk for eighty percent (80%) of the Frontage; and i. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of ten (10) feet including a minimum of three (3) feet of clear public Sidewalk for twenty percent (20%) of the Frontage. Minimum circulation zone may be reduced to eight (8) feet when trees are placed within the Right-of-Way at those points. ii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 150/614 2. At the first Story in the First Layer, cantilevered Awnings and cantilevered entry canopies may encroach up to one hundred percent (100%) of the depth of the Setback; except as may be further allowed by Chapter 54 of the City Code. 3. Above the first Story in the First Layer, cantilevered balconies, bay windows, roofs or Façade components promoting energy efficiency, such as shading and Screening devices that are non-accessible, may encroach up to three (3) feet into the Setback; except: 4. Above

trees are placed within the Right-of-Way at those points. ii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 150/614 2. At the first Story in the First Layer, cantilevered Awnings and cantilevered entry canopies may encroach up to one hundred percent (100%) of the depth of the Setback; except as may be further allowed by Chapter 54 of the City Code. 3. Above the first Story in the First Layer, cantilevered balconies, bay windows, roofs or Façade components promoting energy efficiency, such as shading and Screening devices that are non-accessible, may encroach up to three (3) feet into the Setback; except: 4. Above the eighth Story when additional setbacks are required as detailed in Illustration 5.6, Façade components promoting energy efficiency such as shading and Screening devices, that are non-accessible or balconies may encroach a maximum of three (3) feet. 5. When a Lot abuts an existing Single family residence Building, the Building Elevation and/or Balconies on the rear or side shall be set back a minimum of three (3) feet from the property line. d. Galleries and Arcades shall be minimum fifteen (15) feet deep, shall encroach one hundred percent (100%) of the depth of the Setback and shall overlap the whole width of the Sidewalk to within two (2) feet of the curb. Permitted by process of a Special Area Plan. e. All outdoor storage, electrical, plumbing, mechanical, and communications equipment and appurtenant enclosures shall be located within the Second or Third Layer and concealed from view from any Frontage or Sidewalk by Liner Buildings, walls, Streetscreens, or opaque gates. These shall not be allowed as Encroachments. f. Loading and service entries shall be accessed from Alleys when available and otherwise from the Secondary Frontage. Loading spaces and service areas shall be internal to the building. When a Lot has only Principal Frontages, Vehicular Entries, Loading Spaces shall be within the Third Layer and access shall be permitted on Principal Frontages. Where a Lot is located on one or more State or County Thoroughfares and is within 200 feet of a T3 Transect Zone on the same side of such Thoroughfare, Vehicular Entries, and Loading Spaces shall be accessed from a single access point on the Principal Frontage. g. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall conform to Article 4, Table 2 and be allocated as required in Illustration 5.6. First-floor elevation shall be at average Sidewalk grade. A first level Residential Function or Lodging Function should be raised a minimum of two (2) feet and a maximum of three and a half (3.5) feet above average Sidewalk grade for privacy reasons, or Base Flood Elevation with a minimum of one (1) foot to a maximum of five (5) feet of Freeboard, whichever is higher. Existing one Story Structures shall be considered conforming and may be enlarged. h. Roof elements shall be permitted as follows: 1. Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be visually concealed from ground-level and lateral views by parapets or screens of the minimum height necessary

first level Residential Function or Lodging Function should be raised a minimum of two (2) feet and a maximum of three and a half (3.5) feet above average Sidewalk grade for privacy reasons, or Base Flood Elevation with a minimum of one (1) foot to a maximum of five (5) feet of Freeboard, whichever is higher. Existing one Story Structures shall be considered conforming and may be enlarged. h. Roof elements shall be permitted as follows: 1. Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be visually concealed from ground-level and lateral views by parapets or screens of the minimum height necessary , but said parapets and screens shall not exceed ten (10) feet in height for T6-8. 2. Ornamental Building features, decorative elements, or similar Structures on a roof may extend up to twelve (12) feet in height for T6-8. 3. Stair and elevator enclosures on a roof in T6-8 may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height. 4. Cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms on a roof in T6-8 may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from the Building Facades. 5. There shall be no height limitation for ornamental elements, stairand elevator enclosures, mechanical equipment, or cooling towers on a roof for T6-12, T6-24, T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80. 6. Trellises and fabric shade structures on a roof may extend up to fourteen (14) feet in height. 7. Non-Habitable void space on a roof accommodating the depth of swimming pools; landscaping; decks; Extensive, Semi-Intensive, and Intensive Green Roof systems; transfer beams and other structural elements; and/or mechanical systems may extend up to six (6) feet in height. For the purposes of this subsection only, other permitted roof elements may extend above the vertical extent of the void space for the additional height specified. Non-Habitable void space may cover one hundred percent (100%) of the roof and shall not be counted as Public Benefit Floor Area. 8. Habitable Spaces above the top Story shall comply with the following requirements: For Lots with a length of three hundred (300) feet or more and a Right-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk ten (10) feet or less, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the First Layer for twenty percent (20%) of the length of the Frontage subject to the following criteria for enhanced walkway design with review and approval by the Planning Director: c. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of twelve (12) feet including a minimum of three (3) feet of clear public Sidewalk for eighty percent (80%) of the Frontage; and i. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of ten (10) feet including a minimum of three (3) feet of clear public Sidewalk for twenty percent (20%) of the Frontage. Minimum circulation zone may be reduced to eight (8) feet when trees are placed within the Right-of-Way at those points. ii. In the event an existing Building is raised

for enhanced walkway design with review and approval by the Planning Director: c. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of twelve (12) feet including a minimum of three (3) feet of clear public Sidewalk for eighty percent (80%) of the Frontage; and i. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of ten (10) feet including a minimum of three (3) feet of clear public Sidewalk for twenty percent (20%) of the Frontage. Minimum circulation zone may be reduced to eight (8) feet when trees are placed within the Right-of-Way at those points. ii. In the event an existing Building is raised in order to bring the finished floor elevation above the Base Flood Elevation plus Freeboard, stairs and ramps required for vertical circulation may encroach one hundred percent (100%) of the Setback by process of Waiver. d. For Buildings with an Established Setback Area greater than a ten (10) foot setback, balconies above the first Story may encroach up to one third (1/3) of the Established Setback Area beyond the allowable three (3) foot encroachment. a. Other cantilevered portions of the Building shall maintain the required Setback. b. may extend up to fourteen (14) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from Building Facades; a. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 151/614 9. Habitable Spaces, cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms, mechanical equipment, and stair and elevator enclosures on a roof may: 10. All roof elements shall be designed to: 11. All roof elements shall be designed and maintained to comply with Florida Building Code including, where possible, the use of Notice of Acceptance (NOA) products and any vegetated roof system shall be independent of the roof structure, to be verified by the Building Department. i. All ground floor and roof top utility infrastructure and mechanical equipment shall be concealed from public view. At the building Frontage, all equipment such as backflow preventers, siamese connections, and the like shall be placed within the line of the Facade or behind the Streetscreen. On the roof a screen wall shall conceal all equipment except antennas from lateral view. Solar Equipment shall be screened unless screening diminishes performance by greater than fifteen percent (15%) and the Solar Equipment cannot be feasibly relocated. Exhaust air fans and louvers may be allowed on the Façade only on the Secondary Frontages above the first floor. j. Streetscreens or fences shall be between three and a half (3.5) and eight (8) feet in Height and constructed of a material matching the adjacent building Façade or of masonry, wrought iron or aluminum. The Streetscreen may be replaced by a hedge. Streetscreens shall have openings no larger than necessary to allow automobile and pedestrian access. Streetscreens shall be located coplanar with the Building Facade Line. Streetscreens over three (3) feet high shall be fifty percent (50%) permeable or articulated to avoid blank walls. k. Within the Second and Third Layers, fences and walls shall not exceed a Height of eight (8) feet. Existing or permitted

three and a half (3.5) and eight (8) feet in Height and constructed of a material matching the adjacent building Façade or of masonry, wrought iron or aluminum. The Streetscreen may be replaced by a hedge. Streetscreens shall have openings no larger than necessary to allow automobile and pedestrian access. Streetscreens shall be located coplanar with the Building Facade Line. Streetscreens over three (3) feet high shall be fifty percent (50%) permeable or articulated to avoid blank walls. k. Within the Second and Third Layers, fences and walls shall not exceed a Height of eight (8) feet. Existing or permitted Single-Family Residences and Two- Family Housing as of the effective date of this amendment to the Miami 21 Code may utilize the standards applicable to fences and walls in the T3 Transect Zone provided that such Use is the only Use on the Lot and that any such fence and wall erected or maintained pursuant to this subsection be removed upon any other change of Use. l. The ground floor along all Frontages shall contain Habitable Space. 5.6.3 Building Function & Density (T6) a. Buildings in T6 shall conform to the Functions, Densities, and Intensities described in Article 4, Tables 3 and 4 and Illustration 5.6. Certain Functions as shown in Article 4, Table 3 shall require approval by Warrant or Exception. Consult Article 6 for any supplemental regulations. b. The calculation of the FLR shall not apply to that portion of the building that is entirely below Base Flood Elevation. 5.6.4 Parking Standards (T6) may be used as amenity or Commercial Uses identified within Article 4, Table 3 Building Function: Uses and shall provide associated outdoor roof programming; b. shall not be used as Residential Units, Lodging Units, or Office space; and c. shall be treated as Public Benefit Floor Area for the first twenty percent (20%) and 1.5 times Public Benefit Floor Area for the additional twenty percent (20%). d. cover up to twenty percent (20%) of the roof area; and a. cover an additional 20% of the roof area, not to exceed a total of forty percent (40%), when an Intensive Green Roof of an equivalent size of the additional area is provided and maintained. b. harmonize with the overall architectural intent of the building; a. mitigate any negative visual impacts of the additional height and massing on the roof; and b. comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria. c. Vehicular parking and loading shall be required as shown in Article 4, Tables 4 and 5. a. On-street parking available along the Frontage Lines that correspond to each Lot shall be counted toward the parking requirement of the Building on the Lot. b. Parking should be accessed by an Alley. shall be accessed from the Secondary Frontage when available. Where Lots have only Principal Frontages, parking may be accessed from the Principal Frontages. c. Primary Frontage: All Parking including drop-off drives and porte-cocheres, open parking areas, covered parking, Parking Garages, Loading space and service areas

12 Design Review Criteria. c. Vehicular parking and loading shall be required as shown in Article 4, Tables 4 and 5. a. On-street parking available along the Frontage Lines that correspond to each Lot shall be counted toward the parking requirement of the Building on the Lot. b. Parking should be accessed by an Alley. shall be accessed from the Secondary Frontage when available. Where Lots have only Principal Frontages, parking may be accessed from the Principal Frontages. c. Primary Frontage: All Parking including drop-off drives and porte-cocheres, open parking areas, covered parking, Parking Garages, Loading space and service areas shall be located within the Third Layer and shall be masked from the Frontage by a Liner Building or Streetscreen as illustrated in Article 4, Table 8. Ground Level Parking may extend into the Second Layer a maximum of twenty five percent (25%) of the length of the Primary Frontage or up to a maximum of fifty (50) feet, whichever is less. A Liner shall be provided for the length of the Pedestal, as shown in Illustration 5.6. Alternative Parking options shall be as follows: d. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 152/614 5.6.5 Architectural Standards (T6) a. Only permanent structures shall be allowed. Temporary structures such as mobile homes, construction trailers, travel trailers, recreational vehicles and other temporary structures shall not be allowed except as per City Code and this code. b. The Facades on Retail Frontages shall be detailed as storefronts and glazed with clear glass no less than seventy percent (70%) of the sidewalk-level Story. Security screens shall be seventy percent (70%) open. c. Roof materials should be light-colored, high Albedo or a planted surface and shall comply with Article 3, Section 3.13.2 of this Code. d. The Façade of a parking garage that is not concealed behind a Habitable Liner and all Elevations shall be screened to conceal all internal elements such as plumbing pipes, fans, ducts and lighting. Ramping should be internalized wherever possible. Exposed spandrels shall be prohibited. The exposed top level of parking structures shall be covered a minimum of sixty percent (60%) with a shade producing structure such as, but not limited to, a vined pergola or retractable canvas shade structure. 5.6.6 Landscape Standards (T6) 5.6.7 Ambient Standards (T6) ILLUSTRATION 5.6 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6-8) Above the first Story, Parking may extend into the Second Layer by Waiver, if an art or glass treatment of a design to be approved by the Planning Director is provided for one hundred percent (100%) of that portion of the Pedestal Façade. i. Above the second Story, Parking may extend into the Second Layer by Right, if Liners are provided at the ground and second stories which fully conceal the parking and if an art or glass treatment, of a design to be approved by the Planning Director is providedfor one hundred (100%) percent of that portion of the Pedestal Façade where there is no Liner. ii. Secondary Frontage. All Parking, open parking areas, covered parking,

glass treatment of a design to be approved by the Planning Director is provided for one hundred percent (100%) of that portion of the Pedestal Façade. i. Above the second Story, Parking may extend into the Second Layer by Right, if Liners are provided at the ground and second stories which fully conceal the parking and if an art or glass treatment, of a design to be approved by the Planning Director is providedfor one hundred (100%) percent of that portion of the Pedestal Façade where there is no Liner. ii. Secondary Frontage. All Parking, open parking areas, covered parking, Parking Garages, Loading Spaces, and service areas shall be located in the Third Layer. Parking may extend into the Second Layer a maximum of fifty percent (50%) of the length of the Frontage, as shown in Illustration 5.6. A Liner shall be provided for a minimum of fifty percent (50%) of the length of the Pedestal, as shown in Illustration 5.6. Where open parking areas are not masked by a Liner they shall be masked by a Streetscreen. Alternative Parking options shall be as follows: e. Above the first Story Parking may extend into the Second Layer beyond fifty percent (50%) of the length of the Pedestal by process of Waiver if an art or glass treatment of a design to be approved by the Planning Director is provided for that portion of the Pedestal Facade. i. Above the second Story Parking may extend into the Second Layer, by Right, if Liners are provided at the ground and second stories for a minimum of percent (50%) of the length of the Pedestal, as shown in Illustration 5.6, and if an art or glass treatment, of a design to be approved by the Planning Director, is provided for one hundred percent (100%) of that portion of the Pedestal Façade where there is no Liner. ii. Underground parking may extend into the Second and First Layers only if it is fully underground and does not require raising the first-floor elevation of the First and Second Layers above that of the sidewalk. Ramps to underground parking shall be within the Second or Third Layers. f. A Vehicular Entry on a Frontage shall be no wider than thirty (30) feet and the minimum distance between Vehicular Entries shall be sixty (60) feet, unless approved by Waiver. g. Pedestrian Entrances to all parking Lots and parking structures shall be directly from a Frontage Line. Underground parking structures should be entered by pedestrians directly from a Principal Building. h. Buildings mixing uses shall provide parking for each Use. Shared Parking shall be calculated according to Article 4, Table 5. i. The First Layer shall be paved and landscaped as per Illustration 8.4. a. Open Space shall be a minimum ten percent (10%) of the total Lot area. Ten percent (10%) of the Open Space provided in Second or Third Layer shall be landscaped. b. Noise regulations shall be as established in the City Code. a. Average

parking structures shall be directly from a Frontage Line. Underground parking structures should be entered by pedestrians directly from a Principal Building. h. Buildings mixing uses shall provide parking for each Use. Shared Parking shall be calculated according to Article 4, Table 5. i. The First Layer shall be paved and landscaped as per Illustration 8.4. a. Open Space shall be a minimum ten percent (10%) of the total Lot area. Ten percent (10%) of the Open Space provided in Second or Third Layer shall be landscaped. b. Noise regulations shall be as established in the City Code. a. Average lighting levels measured at the Building Frontage shall not exceed 20 fc (foot-candles). b. Lighting of building and contingent Open Spaces shall be compatible with street lighting of Abutting public spaces as illustrated in Article 8. Interior garage lighting fixtures shall not be visible from streets. c. The lighting fixtures of exposed rooftop parking shall be concealed by a parapet wall and shall not be seen from surrounding streets. d. BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 153/614 LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min.; 40,000 s.f. max. b. Lot Width 50 ft min. c. Lot Coverage - 1-8 Stories 80% - 90% max.*** - Above 8th Story 15,000 sf. max. Floorplate for Residential & Lodging n/a for Office & Commercial d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) 5 / 25% additional Public Benefit e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max.* BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story c. Side 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story d. Rear 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story e. Abutting Side or Rear T5 0 ft. min. 1st through 5th Story 10 ft. min. 6st through 8th Story 30 ft. min. above 8th Story Abutting Side or Rear T4 6 ft. min. 1st through 5th Story 26 ft. min. above 5th Story Abutting Side or Rear T3 10% of Lot depth** min. 1st through 2nd Story 26 ft. min. 3rd through 5th Story 46 ft. min. above 5th Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T6-8-L and T6-8-O only) g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan i. Loggia permitted BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 1 Story (15 ft min.) b. Max. Height 8 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height 4 Stories Abutting all Transects Zones except T3 * Or as modified in Diagram 9 *** As modified through the Flexible Lot Coverage Program 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 154/614 ILLUSTRATION 5.6 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6-12) BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min.; 70,000 s.f. max. b. Lot Width 50 ft

f. Shopfront permitted (T6-8-L and T6-8-O only) g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan i. Loggia permitted BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 1 Story (15 ft min.) b. Max. Height 8 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height 4 Stories Abutting all Transects Zones except T3 * Or as modified in Diagram 9 *** As modified through the Flexible Lot Coverage Program 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 154/614 ILLUSTRATION 5.6 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6-12) BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min.; 70,000 s.f. max. b. Lot Width 50 ft min. c. Lot Coverage - 1-8 Stories 80% max. - Above 8th Story 15,000 sf. max. Floorplate for Residential & Lodging n/a for Office & Commercial d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) 8 / 30% additional Public Benefit e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max.* BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story c. Side 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story d. Rear 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story e. Abutting Side or Rear T5 0 ft. min. 1st through 5th Story 10 ft. min. 6st through 8th Story 30 ft. min. above 8th Story Abutting Side or Rear T4 6 ft. min. 1st through 5th Story 26 ft. min. 6st through 8th Story 30 ft. min. above 8th Story Abutting Side or Rear T3 10% of Lot depth** min. 1st through 2nd Story 26 ft. min. 3rd through 5th Story 46 ft. min. above 5th Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 155/614 ILLUSTRATION 5.6 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6-24) FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T6-12-L and T6-12-O only) g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan i. Loggia permitted BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories b. Max. Height 12 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height 8 Stories Abutting all Transects Zones except T3 * Or as modified in Diagram 9 BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min.; 100,000 s.f. max. b. Lot Width 50 ft min. c. Lot Coverage - 1-8 Stories 80% - 90% max.** - Above 8th Story 15,000 sf. max. Floorplate for Residential & Lodging n/a for Office & Commercial d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) T6-24a: 7 / 30% additional Public Benefit T6-24b: 16 / 40% additional Public Benefit 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 156/614 e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max.* BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story c. Side 0

Coverage - 1-8 Stories 80% - 90% max.** - Above 8th Story 15,000 sf. max. Floorplate for Residential & Lodging n/a for Office & Commercial d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) T6-24a: 7 / 30% additional Public Benefit T6-24b: 16 / 40% additional Public Benefit 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 156/614 e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max.* BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story c. Side 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story d. Rear 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story e. Abutting Side or Rear T5 0 ft. min. 1st through 5th Story 10 ft. min. 6st through 8th Story 30 ft. min. above 8th Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T6-24-L and T6-24-O only) g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan i. Loggia permitted BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories b. Max. Height 24 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height 24 Stories Abutting all Transects Zones except T3 * Or as modified in Diagram 9 ** As modified through the Flexible Lot Coverage Program 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 157/614 ILLUSTRATION 5.6 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6-36) BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min. b. Lot Width 100 ft min. c. Lot Coverage - 1-8 Stories 80% - 90% max.** - Above 8th Story 18,000 sf. max. Floorplate for Residential & Lodging n/a for Office & Commercial d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) T6-36a: 12 / 40% additional Public Benefit T6-36b: 22 / 40% additional Public Benefit e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max.* BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story c. Side 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story d. Rear 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story e. Abutting Side or Rear T5 0 ft. min. 1st through 5th Story 10 ft. min. 6st through 8th Story 30 ft. min. above 8th Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 158/614 ILLUSTRATION 5.6 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6-48) FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T6-36-L and T6-36-O only) g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan i. Loggia permitted BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories b. Max. Height 36 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height 24 Stories Abutting all Transects Zones except T3 * Or as modified in Diagram 9 **

30 ft. min. above 8th Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 158/614 ILLUSTRATION 5.6 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6-48) FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T6-36-L and T6-36-O only) g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan i. Loggia permitted BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories b. Max. Height 36 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height 24 Stories Abutting all Transects Zones except T3 * Or as modified in Diagram 9 ** As modified through the Flexible Lot Coverage Program BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min. b. Lot Width 100 ft min. c. Lot Coverage - 1-8 Stories 80% - 90% max.** - Above 8th Story 18,000 sq. ft. max. Floorplate for Residential & Lodging n/a for Office & Commercial d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) T6-48a: 11 / 50% additional Public Benefit T6-48b: 18 / 50% additional Public Benefit e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 159/614 ILLUSTRATION 5.6 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6-60) f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max.* BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story c. Side 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story d. Rear 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story e. Abutting Side or Rear T5 0 ft. min. 1st through 5th Story 10 ft. min. 6st through 8th Story 30 ft. min. above 8th Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T6-48-L and T6-48-O only) g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan i. Loggia permitted BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories b. Max. Height 48 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height 32 Stories Abutting all Transects Zones except T3 * Or as modified in Diagram 9 ** As modified through the Flexible Lot Coverage Program BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 160/614 LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min. b. Lot Width 100 ft min. c. Lot Coverage - 1-8 Stories 80% - 90% max.** - Above 8th Story 18,000 sf. max. Floorplate for Residential & Lodging n/a for Office & Commercial d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) T6-60a: 11 / 50% additional Public Benefit T6-60b: 18 / 50% additional Public Benefit e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max.* BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story c. Side 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story d. Rear

80% - 90% max.** - Above 8th Story 18,000 sf. max. Floorplate for Residential & Lodging n/a for Office & Commercial d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) T6-60a: 11 / 50% additional Public Benefit T6-60b: 18 / 50% additional Public Benefit e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max.* BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story c. Side 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story d. Rear 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story e. Abutting Side or Rear T5 0 ft. min. 1st through 5th Story 10 ft. min. 6st through 8th Story 30 ft. min. above 8th Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T6-60-L and T6-60-O only) g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 161/614 ILLUSTRATION 5.6 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6-80) h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan i. Loggia permitted BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories b. Max. Height 60 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height unlimited Stories Abutting all Transects Zones except T3 * Or as modified in Diagram 9 ** As modified through the Flexible Lot Coverage Program BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min. b. Lot Width 100 ft min. c. Lot Coverage - 1-8 Stories 80% - 90% max.** - Above 8th Story 18,000 sf. max. Floorplate for Residential & Lodging n/a for Office & Commercial d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) 24 / 50% additional Public Benefit e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max.* BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story c. Side 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story d. Rear 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 162/614 5.7 CIVIC SPACE ZONES (CS) AND CIVIC INSTITUTION ZONES (CI) 5.7.1 Civic Space Zones (CS) 5.7.1.1 Development in a Civic Space Zone should have a minimum of fifty percent (50%) of its perimeter enfronting a Thoroughfare. Civic Space sites shall be entered directly from a Thoroughfare. 5.7.1.2 Development in Civic Space Zones shall be consistent with the standards in Article 4, Tables 3, 4, and 7. 5.7.1.3 One or more Buildings may be built in each Civic Space. Building floor area shall not exceed twenty-five percent (25%) of the lot area of the Civic Space, and shall support the principal use of the Civic Space. 5.7.1.4 In Civic Spaces, Buildings, Fences and walls shall conform to regulations of the most restrictive Abutting Transect Zone, except as shown by City of Miami’s Parks

perimeter enfronting a Thoroughfare. Civic Space sites shall be entered directly from a Thoroughfare. 5.7.1.2 Development in Civic Space Zones shall be consistent with the standards in Article 4, Tables 3, 4, and 7. 5.7.1.3 One or more Buildings may be built in each Civic Space. Building floor area shall not exceed twenty-five percent (25%) of the lot area of the Civic Space, and shall support the principal use of the Civic Space. 5.7.1.4 In Civic Spaces, Buildings, Fences and walls shall conform to regulations of the most restrictive Abutting Transect Zone, except as shown by City of Miami’s Parks and Public Spaces Master Plan or other master plans adopted by the City Comission. Other adjustments to the regulations shall be approved by process of Exception. 5.7.1.5 All Community facility and Recreational Facility Uses shall be government owned or operated only. 5.7.2 Civic Institution Zones (CI) BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T6-80-L and T6-80-O only) g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan i. Loggia permitted BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories b. Max. Height 80 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height unlimited Stories Abutting all Transects Zones except T3 * Or as modified in Diagram 9 ** As modified through the Flexible Lot Coverage Program 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 163/614 5.7.2.1 Development in a Civic Institution Zone shall have a minimum of one (1) Frontage enfronting a Thoroughfare and should have its primary entrance from a Thoroughfare. 5.7.2.2 Development in Civic Institution Zones shall be consistent with the standards in Article 4, Tables 3 and 4. 5.7.2.3 A Civic Institution Lot may have one (1) or more Buildings. 5.7.2.4 Civic Institution Development shall be permitted by process of Exception and shall conform to the following regulations: a. Any property located within a CI Zone may be developed according to the regulations of the most restrictive Abutting Transect Zone with all Frontage Setbacks considered a minimum. b. Development in a CI Zone shall follow the regulations of the Abutting Transect Zone, except that Height restrictions shall be as follows: 1. A CI Zone entirely Abutting T3 shall be developed to no more than the maximum Height allowed by T4. 2. A CI Zone predominantly Abutting T3 or T4, shall be developed to no more than the maximum Height allowed by T5. 3. A CI Zone predominantly Abutting T5, T6-8, D1, D2 or D3, shall be developed to no more than the maximum Height of T6-8. 4. A CI Zone entirely Abutting T6-8 or higher, may conform to the maximum Height of any higher Abutting Transect Zone. c. A CI Zone may seek higher than Abutting successional Transect Zoning through the process of Special Area Plan. d. Adjustments to the applicable Transect regulations, other than Density, Intensity and Height limitations, shall be allowed by process of Waiver. Adjustments to Setbacks shall

developed to no more than the maximum Height allowed by T5. 3. A CI Zone predominantly Abutting T5, T6-8, D1, D2 or D3, shall be developed to no more than the maximum Height of T6-8. 4. A CI Zone entirely Abutting T6-8 or higher, may conform to the maximum Height of any higher Abutting Transect Zone. c. A CI Zone may seek higher than Abutting successional Transect Zoning through the process of Special Area Plan. d. Adjustments to the applicable Transect regulations, other than Density, Intensity and Height limitations, shall be allowed by process of Waiver. Adjustments to Setbacks shall be pursuant to those adjustments permitted by the most restrictive Abutting Transect Zone. 5.7.2.5 The expansion of any existing Civic Institution Use by less than twenty percent (20%) may be permitted By Right. 5.7.2.6 In the event that a Civic Institution Zone ceases to be used for Civic Institution Uses, it shall be developed either in accordance with the regulations of the most restrictive Abutting Transect Zone or by process of rezoning, subject to the limitations of the Comprehensive Plan. 5.8 CIVIC INSTITUTION ZONES – HEALTH DISTRICT (CI-HD) 5.8.1 Building Disposition (CI-HD) All Development in the CI-HD zone for a structure that exceeds ten thousand dollars ($10,000.00) in cost and affects the Scale of the street or block front, or that affects the location, relocation or enlargement of vehicular ways or parking areas outside public Rights-of-Way shall be approved by Warrant except that any Development exceeding the following thresholds shall be approved by Exception. a. Development involving in excess of five hundred thousand (500,000) square feet of Floor Area excluding parking and loading. 1. For hospital buildings, any development in excess of eight hundred thousand (800,000) square feet of Floor Area excluding parking and loading. 2. Any single use or combination of uses requiring or proposing to provide in excess of a net increase of one thousand (1,000) off-street parking spaces. 3. Newly platted Lots shall be dimensioned according to Illustration 5.8. a. Lot coverage by any Building shall not exceed that shown in Illustration 5.8. b. Buildings shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of their Lots according to Illustration 5.8. A CI-HD lot may have more than one building. c. Principal pedestrian entrances shall generally be along Principal Frontages and vehicular entrances on streets of less intensity. d. It is recommended that Facades be built parallel to the Principal Frontage Line. e. It is recommended at the first Story, Facades along a Frontage Line have frequent doors and windows. f. Setbacks for Buildings shall be as shown in Illustration 5.8. Where a Lot to be developed Abuts an existing legal Structure other than a Sign, a Waiver may be granted so the proposed Structure matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context. Where a Lot to be developed Abuts a g. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 164/614 5.8.2 Building Configuration (CI-HD) Lot containing an existing legal Building, a Waiver may be granted

the Principal Frontage Line. e. It is recommended at the first Story, Facades along a Frontage Line have frequent doors and windows. f. Setbacks for Buildings shall be as shown in Illustration 5.8. Where a Lot to be developed Abuts an existing legal Structure other than a Sign, a Waiver may be granted so the proposed Structure matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context. Where a Lot to be developed Abuts a g. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 164/614 5.8.2 Building Configuration (CI-HD) Lot containing an existing legal Building, a Waiver may be granted so that the proposed Building matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context, as follows: For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk less than six and half (6 ½) feet a two (2) Story building or less may be permitted by process of Waiver. i. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk greater than six and half (6 ½) feet, but less than twelve (12) feet, a four (4) Story building or less may be permitted by process of Waiver. ii. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk greater than twelve (12) feet may be permitted for the number of Stories allowed by the Transect Zone by process of Waiver. iii. It is recommended that above the eighth floor, minimum Building spacing be sixty (60) feet. h. Public access to public plazas and walkways shall be provided and pedestrian walkway connections shall be provided between parallel public streets. i. Development within Private Frontages shall comply with Article 4, Tables 2 and 6 and Illustration 5.8. a. It is recommended that above the eighth floor, the Building Floorplate dimensions be limited as follows: b. 15,000 square feet maximum for Residential Uses 1. 30,000 square feet maximum for Commercial Uses and for parking 2. 180 feet maximum length for Residential Uses 3. 215 feet maximum length for Commercial Uses Civil Support and Educational Uses within the CI-HD Transect Zone shall have no maximum Floorplate dimensions. 4. Encroachments may be as follows: c. At the first Story in the First Layer, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation shall not be permitted, except in the following circumstances: 1. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk ten (10) feet or greater, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the First Layer for that portion of the site where the adjacent Sidewalk is ten (10) feet or greater. a. For portions of Lots with a depth of one hundred (100) feet or less and a Right-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk ten (10) feet or less, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the First Layer for twenty percent (20%) of the length of the Frontage subject to the following criteria for enhanced walkway design with review and approval by the Planning Director: b. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of twelve (12)

for that portion of the site where the adjacent Sidewalk is ten (10) feet or greater. a. For portions of Lots with a depth of one hundred (100) feet or less and a Right-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk ten (10) feet or less, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the First Layer for twenty percent (20%) of the length of the Frontage subject to the following criteria for enhanced walkway design with review and approval by the Planning Director: b. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of twelve (12) feet including a minimum of three (3) feet of clear public Sidewalk for eighty percent (80%) of the Frontage; and i. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of ten (10) feet including a minimum of three (3) feet of clear public Sidewalk for twenty percent (20%) of the Frontage. Minimum circulation zone may be reduced to eight (8) feet when trees are placed within the Right-of-Way at those points. ii. For Lots with a length of three hundred (300) feet or more and a Right-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk ten (10) feet or less, stairs, ramps, and other elements used for vertical circulation may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the First Layer for twenty percent (20%) of the length of the Frontage subject to the following criteria for enhanced walkway design with review and approval by the Planning Director: c. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of twelve (12) feet including a minimum of three (3) feet of clear public Sidewalk for eighty percent (80%) of the Frontage; and i. Maintain a minimum clear circulation zone of ten (10) feet including a minimum of three (3) feet of clear public Sidewalk for twenty percent (20%) of the Frontage. Minimum circulation zone may be reduced to eight (8) feet when trees are placed within the Right-of-Way at those points. ii. In the event an existing Building is raised in order to bring the finished floor elevation above the Base Flood Elevation plus Freeboard, stairs and ramps required for vertical circulation may encroach one hundred percent (100%) of the Setback by process of Waiver. d. At the first Story in the First Layer, cantilevered Awnings and cantilevered entry canopies may encroach up to one hundred percent (100%) of the depth of the Setback, except as may be further allowed by Chapter 54 of the City Code. 2. Above the first Story in the First Layer, cantilevered balconies, bay windows, roofs, and Facade components promoting energy efficiency, such as shading and Screening devices that are non-accessible, may encroach a maximum of three (3) feet of the depth of the Setback. Other cantilevered portions of the Building shall maintain the required Setback. 3. At the Second Layer no encroachments are permitted, except that façade components promoting energy efficiency such as shading and Screening devices that are non-accessible may encroach a maximum of three (3) feet. 4. Above the eighth Story when additional

Chapter 54 of the City Code. 2. Above the first Story in the First Layer, cantilevered balconies, bay windows, roofs, and Facade components promoting energy efficiency, such as shading and Screening devices that are non-accessible, may encroach a maximum of three (3) feet of the depth of the Setback. Other cantilevered portions of the Building shall maintain the required Setback. 3. At the Second Layer no encroachments are permitted, except that façade components promoting energy efficiency such as shading and Screening devices that are non-accessible may encroach a maximum of three (3) feet. 4. Above the eighth Story when additional setbacks are required as detailed in Illustration 5.8, Facade components promoting energy efficiency such as shading and Screening devices, that are non-accessible, or balconies may encroach a maximum of three (3) feet. 5. When a Lot abuts an existing Single family residence Building, the Building Elevation and/or Balconies on the rear or side shall be set back a minimum of three (3) feet from the property line. 6. It is recommended that Galleries and Arcades be a minimum of fifteen (15) feet deep. d. It is recommended that all ground floor and rooftop utility infrastructure, outdoor storage, electrical, plumbing, mechanical, Solar Equipment, and communications equipment and appurtenant enclosures be concealed from view from any Frontage or Sidewalk. e. It is recommended that Loading space and service areas be internal to the building or situated and screened from view to the street and adjacent properties. f. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 165/614 5.8.3 Building Function & Density (CI-HD) a. Buildings in CI-HD shall conform to the Functions, Densities, and Intensities described in Article 4, Tables 3 and 4 and Illustration 5.8. Consult Article 6 for any supplemental regulations. b. Uses additional to those listed in Article IV, Table 3 are allowed only if they are customarily accessory and clearly incidental to the university, hospital, research facility or governmentally owned facilities within the CI-HD Transect Zone. These accessory uses need not occur in Ancillary structures but can occur throughout the zone. These accessory uses include, but are not limited to, storage facilities; laundry or cleaning facilities; incinerator facilities; and other uses related to the operation of the university, hospital, research facility or governmentally owned facilities of the zone. c. The calculation of the FLR shall not apply to that portion of the Building that is entirely below Base Flood Elevation. 5.8.4 Parking Standards (CI-HD) a. Vehicular parking and loading shall be required as shown in Article 4, Table 4 and loading shall be required as shown in Article 4, Table 5. All parking spaces available throughout the district under a single ownership or as a shared component between more than one owner shall be applicable towards satisfaction of the parking requirements. The computation of parking requirements for new permits shall be calculated as follows: 1. The Floor Area of all Buildings, excluding parking, within the Zone shall be added to that of the proposed structure. 2. The ratio shown in Article 4,

Standards (CI-HD) a. Vehicular parking and loading shall be required as shown in Article 4, Table 4 and loading shall be required as shown in Article 4, Table 5. All parking spaces available throughout the district under a single ownership or as a shared component between more than one owner shall be applicable towards satisfaction of the parking requirements. The computation of parking requirements for new permits shall be calculated as follows: 1. The Floor Area of all Buildings, excluding parking, within the Zone shall be added to that of the proposed structure. 2. The ratio shown in Article 4, Table 4 shall be applied to the resulting figure to obtain the total number of parking spaces required within the Zone. 3. The total number of parking spaces within the Zone shall be deducted from the total number of required parking spaces. The result shall be the number of parking spaces that must be provided in connection with the new structure. 4. All handicapped parking spaces available throughout the Zone shall be counted in satisfaction of the handicapped requirements for all Buildings. b. Warrants for buildings that share parking shall be approved only if the owner or owners continuously maintain, on file with the Planning Department, a master plan designating: the location and number of all present and future parking spaces, together with the location and floor area of all present and proposed Buildings; the location and number of access drives to public streets; internal and merging traffic and circulation; the painted or curbed separation of vehicular and pedestrian traffic; and the arrangement and circulation of parking areas. Materials to be submitted with applications for Warrants shall include such site plans, landscaping plans, Building elevations, surveys, and such reports and surveys detailing: 1. Hourly/Daily parking utilization throughout the district; 2. Direction of approach; 3. Vehicle Occupancy; 4. Ridership surveys; 5. Shuttle bus/taxi utilization; and 6. Metrorail/Metrobus utilization. c. On-street parking available throughout the District shall not be counted toward the parking requirement of the Building on the Lot. d. Parking should be accessed from the Secondary Frontage when available. Where Lots have only Principal Frontages, parking may be accessed from the Principal Frontages. e. It is recommended that Offstreet parking and loading be within enclosed structures which shall either be underground or, if aboveground, shall be designed to provide a minimal visual impact, well integrated with the principal structures. Unenclosed vehicular parking and loading in any location visible from a public street shall be appropriately screened from surrounding rights-of-way. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall conform to Article 4, Table 2 and be allocated as required in Illustration 5.8. First-Floor Elevation should be at average Sidewalk grade. g. Within the Second and Third Layers, Fences and walls shall not exceed a Height of eight (8) feet. Major Facilities requiring additional Fence or wall Height may be permitted by Waiver, subject to the Planning Director’s agreement that the applicant has demonstrated that the Use specifically requires the proposed

vehicular parking and loading in any location visible from a public street shall be appropriately screened from surrounding rights-of-way. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall conform to Article 4, Table 2 and be allocated as required in Illustration 5.8. First-Floor Elevation should be at average Sidewalk grade. g. Within the Second and Third Layers, Fences and walls shall not exceed a Height of eight (8) feet. Major Facilities requiring additional Fence or wall Height may be permitted by Waiver, subject to the Planning Director’s agreement that the applicant has demonstrated that the Use specifically requires the proposed additional Height. h. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 166/614 f. It is recommended that the vehicular entrance of a parking Lot or garage on a Frontage be no wider than thirty (30) feet and the minimum distance between vehicular entrances should be sixty (60) feet. 5.8.5 Architectural Standards (CI-HD) a. Temporary structures shall be allowed as per City Code. b. It is recommended that the Facades on Retail Frontages be detailed as storefronts and glazed with clear glass no less than seventy percent (70%) of the Sidewalk-level Story. c. It is recommended that Roof materials be light-colored, high Albedo or a planted surface. d. It is recommended that the Façade of a parking garage that is not concealed behind a Habitable Liner be screened to conceal all internal elements such as plumbing pipes, fans, ducts and lighting. It is recommended that Ramping be internalized wherever possible. e. Rooftop parking or mechanical equipment and utility service areas visible from nearby Buildings shall be screened with landscape or architectural materials. 5.8.6 Landscape Standards (CI-HD) 5.8.7 Ambient Standards (CI-HD) a. Noise regulations shall be as established in the City Code. b. It is recommended that lighting of building and contingent Open Spaces be compatible with street lighting of Abutting public spaces as illustrated in Article 8. Interior garage lighting fixtures should not be visible from streets. c. It is recommended that the lighting fixtures of exposed rooftop parking be concealed by a parapet wall and should not be seen from surrounding streets. ILLUSTRATION 5.8 INSTITUTION ZONE - HEALTH DISTRICT ZONES (CI-HD) The First Layer shall be paved and landscaped as per Illustration 8.4. a. Open Space shall be a minimum ten percent (10%) of the total Lot area. b. BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 10,000 s.f. min. b. Lot Width 50 ft min. c. Lot Coverage 80% max. d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) 8 e. Frontage at front Setback N/A f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max.* BUILDING SETBACK a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story c. Side 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story d. Rear 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story * Setbacks above the eighth (8th) Story are encouraged, not required. BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print

Width 50 ft min. c. Lot Coverage 80% max. d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) 8 e. Frontage at front Setback N/A f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max.* BUILDING SETBACK a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story c. Side 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story d. Rear 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story * Setbacks above the eighth (8th) Story are encouraged, not required. BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 167/614 5.9 DISTRICT ZONES (D1 and D2) 5.9.1 Building Disposition (D) 5.9.2 Building Configuration (D) FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C permitted d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted g. Gallery permitted h. Arcade permitted BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 1 Stories b. Max. Height As regulated by the F.A.A. Newly platted Lots shall be dimensioned according to Illustration 5.9. a. Lot coverage by Buildings shall not exceed that shown in Illustration 5.9. b. A Building shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of its Lot according to Illustration 5.9. c. One or more Buildings may be built on each Lot as shown in Illustration 5.9. d. Setbacks for Buildings shall be as shown in Article 4, Table 2 and Illustration 5.9. Where a Lot to be developed Abuts an existing legal Structure other than a Sign, a Waiver may be granted so the proposed Structure matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context. Where a Lot to be developed Abuts a Lot containing an existing legal Building, a Waiver may be granted so that the proposed Building matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context, as follows: e. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk less than six and half (6 ½) feet a two (2) Story building or less may be permitted by process of Waiver. i. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk greater than six and half (6 ½) feet, but less than twelve (12) feet, a four (4) Story building or less may be permitted by process of Waiver. ii. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk greater than twelve (12) feet may be permitted for the number of Stories allowed by the Transect Zone by process of Waiver. iii. Development within Private Frontages shall comply with Article 4, Tables 2 and 6 and Illustration 5.9. a. Encroachments shall be as follows: At the First Layer, cantilevered Awnings and entry canopies may encroach up to one hundred percent (100%) of the depth of the Setback, except as may be further allowed by Chapter 54 of the City Code; cantilevered portions of balconies, bay windows, and roofs shall be a maximum three (3) feet deep and may encroach up to a three (3) feet depth of the Setback. Other cantilevered portions of the Building shall maintain the

process of Waiver. iii. Development within Private Frontages shall comply with Article 4, Tables 2 and 6 and Illustration 5.9. a. Encroachments shall be as follows: At the First Layer, cantilevered Awnings and entry canopies may encroach up to one hundred percent (100%) of the depth of the Setback, except as may be further allowed by Chapter 54 of the City Code; cantilevered portions of balconies, bay windows, and roofs shall be a maximum three (3) feet deep and may encroach up to a three (3) feet depth of the Setback. Other cantilevered portions of the Building shall maintain the required Setback. At the Second Layer no Encroachments are permitted except that Façade components promoting energy efficiency such as shading and screening devices that are non-accessible may encroach a maximum of three (3) feet. b. Galleries and Arcades shall be a minimum fifteen (15) feet deep and may encroach up to one hundred percent (100%) of the depth of the Setback and may be required as a part of a Special Area Plan. c. All storage, utility and infrastructure elements including service areas, Loading space, transformers, telephone boxes, garbage cans, dumpsters, condensers, meters, backflow preventers, siamese connections and the like shall be located within the Second or Third Layer and concealed from view from any Frontage or sidewalk by Streetscreens, and opaque gates. Loading and service entries shall be accessed from Alleys when available. d. Vehicular entries, Loading space and service areas shall be permitted on Principal Frontages. e. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall conform to Article 4, Table 2 and be allocated as required in Illustration 5.9. Industrial uses requiring additional Height in D1 and D2 may be permitted by process of Warrant, subject to the Planning Director agreement that the applicant has demonstrated that the use specifically requires the proposed Height. f. Roof elements shall be permitted as follows: g. Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be visually concealed from ground-level and lateral views by parapets or screens of the minimum height necessary, but said parapets and screens shall not exceed ten (10) feet. 1. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 168/614 5.9.3 Building Function & Density (D) a. Buildings in Districts shall conform to the Functions, Densities, and Intensities described in Article 4, Tables 3 and 4 and Illustration 5.9 and Article 6. 5.9.4 Parking Standards (D) a. Vehicular parking shall be required as shown in Article 4, Tables 4 and 5. b. On-street parking available along the Frontage Lines that correspond to each Lot shall be counted toward the parking requirement of the Building on the Lot. c. All parking, including open parking areas, covered parking, garages, loading docks and service areas shall be masked from the Frontage by a Streetscreen as illustrated in Article 4, Table 8. Underground parking may extend into the Second and First Layers only if it is fully underground and does not require raising the first-floor elevation of the First and Second Layers above that of the Sidewalk.

shown in Article 4, Tables 4 and 5. b. On-street parking available along the Frontage Lines that correspond to each Lot shall be counted toward the parking requirement of the Building on the Lot. c. All parking, including open parking areas, covered parking, garages, loading docks and service areas shall be masked from the Frontage by a Streetscreen as illustrated in Article 4, Table 8. Underground parking may extend into the Second and First Layers only if it is fully underground and does not require raising the first-floor elevation of the First and Second Layers above that of the Sidewalk. d. Buildings mixing uses shall provide parking required for each use. Shared Parking shall be calculated according to Article 4, Table 5. 5.9.5 Architectural Standards (D) a. Temporary structures shall be permitted only as per City Code. b. Roof materials should be light-colored, high Albedo or a planted surface. 5.9.6 Landscape Standards (D) a. Unpaved Open Space shall be a minimum five percent (5%) of the Lot Area. 5.9.7 Ambient Standards (D) a. Noise regulations shall be as established in the City Code. Solar Equipment shall be screened unless screening diminishes performance by greater than fifteen percent (15%) and the Solar Equipment cannot be feasibly relocated. 2. Ornamental Building features, decorative elements, or similar Structures on a roof may extend up to twelve (12) feet in height. 3. Trellises and fabric shade structures on a roof may extend up to twelve (12) feet in height. 4. Stair and elevator enclosures, may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height . 5. Cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms on a roof may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from the Building Facades. 6. Non-Habitable void space on a roof accommodating the depth of swimming pools; landscaping; decks; Extensive, Semi-Intensive, and Intensive Green Roof systems; transfer beams and other structural elements; and/or mechanical systems may extend up to six (6) feet in height. For the purposes of this subsection only, other permitted roof elements may extend above the vertical extent of the void space for the additional height specified. Non- Habitable void space may cover one hundred percent (100%) of the roof and shall not be counted as Public Benefit Floor Area. 7. Habitable Spaces above the top Story shall comply with the following requirements: 8. may extend up to fourteen (14) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from Building Facades; a. may be used as amenity or Commercial Uses identified within Article 4, Table 3 Building Function: Uses and shall provide associated outdoor roof programming; b. shall not be used as Residential Units, Lodging Units, or Office space; and c. shall be treated as Public Benefit Floor Area for the first twenty percent (20%) and 1.5 times Public Benefit Floor Area for the additional twenty percent (20%). d. Habitable Spaces, cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms, mechanical equipment, and stair and elevator

fourteen (14) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from Building Facades; a. may be used as amenity or Commercial Uses identified within Article 4, Table 3 Building Function: Uses and shall provide associated outdoor roof programming; b. shall not be used as Residential Units, Lodging Units, or Office space; and c. shall be treated as Public Benefit Floor Area for the first twenty percent (20%) and 1.5 times Public Benefit Floor Area for the additional twenty percent (20%). d. Habitable Spaces, cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms, mechanical equipment, and stair and elevator enclosures on a roof may: 9. cover up to twenty percent (20%) of the roof area; and a. cover an additional 20% of the roof area, not to exceed a total of forty percent (40%), when an Intensive Green Roof of an equivalent size of the additional area is provided and maintained. b. All roof elements shall be designed to: 10. harmonize with the overall architectural intent of the building; a. mitigate any negative visual impacts of the additional height and massing on the roof, and b. comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria. c. All roof elements shall be designed and maintained to comply with Florida Building Code including, where possible, the use of Notice of Acceptance (NOA) products and any vegetated roof system shall be independent of the roof structure, to be verified by the Building Department. 11. Streetscreens shall be between three and a half (3.5) and eight (8) feet in Height. The Streetscreen may be replaced by a hedge or fence. Streetscreens shall have openings no larger than necessary to allow automobile and pedestrian access. Fences and walls within the First, Second, and Third Layers shall notexceed a Height of eight (8) feet. h. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 169/614 b. Average lighting levels measured at the Building Frontage shall not exceed 1.0 fc (foot-candles). c. Lighting of Building and Abutting Open Spaces shall be compatible with street lighting of Abutting public spaces as illustrated in Article 8. Interior garage lighting fixtures shall not be visible from streets. d. The lighting fixtures of exposed rooftop parking shall be concealed by a parapet wall and shall not be seen from surrounding streets. ILLUSTRATION 5.9 DISTRICT ZONES - WORK PLACE (D1) BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min.; 40,000 s.f. max. b. Lot Width 50 ft min. c. Lot Coverage 80% max. d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback None f. Open Space 5% Lot Area min. g. Density 36 du/ac max. BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min. b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min. c. Side 0 ft. min. d. Rear 0 ft. min. e. Abutting Side or Rear T5 0 ft. min. 1st through 5th Story 10 ft. min. above 5th Story 30 ft. min. above 6th Story Abutting Side or Rear T4 6 ft. min. 1st through 3rd Story 26 ft.

b. Lot Width 50 ft min. c. Lot Coverage 80% max. d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback None f. Open Space 5% Lot Area min. g. Density 36 du/ac max. BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min. b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min. c. Side 0 ft. min. d. Rear 0 ft. min. e. Abutting Side or Rear T5 0 ft. min. 1st through 5th Story 10 ft. min. above 5th Story 30 ft. min. above 6th Story Abutting Side or Rear T4 6 ft. min. 1st through 3rd Story 26 ft. min. above 3rd Story Abutting Side or Rear T3 10% of Lot depth** min. 1st through 2nd Story 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 170/614 ILLUSTRATION 5.9 DISTRICT ZONES - INDUSTRIAL (D2) 26 ft. min. above 3rd Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C permitted d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height None b. Max. Height 8 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height 2 Stories Abutting all Transects Zones except T3 BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min. b. Lot Width 50 ft min. c. Lot Coverage 90% max. d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback None f. Open Space 5% Lot Area min. g. Density N/A BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 171/614 5.10 WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL DISTRICT ZONES (D3) 5.10.1 Building Disposition (D3) a. Principal Front 10 ft. min. b. Secondary Front 5 ft. min. c. Side 0 ft. min. d. Rear 0 ft. min. e. Abutting Side or Rear T5 0 ft. min. 1st through 5th Story 10 ft. min. above 5th Story 30 ft. min. above 6th Story Abutting Side or Rear T4 6 ft. min. 1st through 3rd Story 26 ft. min. above 3rd Story Abutting Side or Rear T3 10% of Lot depth** min. 1st through 2nd Story 26 ft. min. above 3rd Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C permitted d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height None b. Max. Height 8 Stories max. c. Max. Benefit Height N/A Newly platted Lots shall be dimensioned according to Illustration 5.10. a. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 172/614 5.10.2 Building Configuration (D3) Lot coverage by Building shall not exceed that shown in Illustration 5.10. b. A Building shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of its Lot according to Illustration 5.10. c. One or more Buildings may be built on each Lot as shown in Illustration 5.10. d. Setbacks for Buildings shall be as shown in Article 4, Table 2 and Illustration 5.10. Where a Lot to be developed

b. Max. Height 8 Stories max. c. Max. Benefit Height N/A Newly platted Lots shall be dimensioned according to Illustration 5.10. a. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 172/614 5.10.2 Building Configuration (D3) Lot coverage by Building shall not exceed that shown in Illustration 5.10. b. A Building shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of its Lot according to Illustration 5.10. c. One or more Buildings may be built on each Lot as shown in Illustration 5.10. d. Setbacks for Buildings shall be as shown in Article 4, Table 2 and Illustration 5.10. Where a Lot to be developed Abuts an existing legal Structure other than a Sign, a Waiver may be granted so the proposed Structure matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context. Where a Lot to be developed Abuts a Lot containing an existing legal Building, a Waiver may be granted so that the proposed Building matches the ground level dominant Setback of the Block Face and its Context, as follows: e. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk less than six and half (6 ½) feet a two (2) Story building or less may be permitted by process of Waiver. i. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk greater than six and half (6 ½) feet, but less than twelve (12) feet, a four (4) Story building or less may be permitted by process of Waiver. ii. For Rights-of-Way with an adjacent Sidewalk greater than twelve (12) feet may be permitted for the number of Stories allowed by the Transect Zone by process of Waiver. iii. Development within Private Frontages shall comply with Tables 2 and 6 and Illustration 5.10. a. Encroachments shall be as follows: At the First Layer, cantilevered Awnings and entry canopies may encroach up to one hundred percent (100%) of the depth of the Setback, except as may be further allowed by Chapter 54 of the City Code; cantilevered balconies, bay windows, and roofs may encroach up to a three (3) feet depth of the Setback. Other cantilevered portions of the Building shall maintain the required Setback. At the Second Layer no encroachments are permitted except that Facade components promoting energy efficiency such as shading and screening devices that are non-accessible may Encroach a maximum of three (3) feet. b. Galleries and Arcades shall be a minimum fifteen (15) feet deep and may encroach up to one hundred percent (100%) of the depth of the Setback and may be required as a part of a Special Area Plan. c. Except for the Waterfront Frontage, all storage, utility and infrastructure elements including service areas, Loading space, transformers, telephone boxes, garbage cans, dumpsters, condensers, meters, backflow preventers, siamese connections and the like shall be located within the Second or Third Layer and concealed from view from any Frontage or Sidewalk by Streetscreens, and opaque gates. Loading and service entries shall be accessed from Alleys when available. d. Vehicular entries, Loading space and service areas shall be permitted on Principal Frontages.

percent (100%) of the depth of the Setback and may be required as a part of a Special Area Plan. c. Except for the Waterfront Frontage, all storage, utility and infrastructure elements including service areas, Loading space, transformers, telephone boxes, garbage cans, dumpsters, condensers, meters, backflow preventers, siamese connections and the like shall be located within the Second or Third Layer and concealed from view from any Frontage or Sidewalk by Streetscreens, and opaque gates. Loading and service entries shall be accessed from Alleys when available. d. Vehicular entries, Loading space and service areas shall be permitted on Principal Frontages. e. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall conform to Article 4, Table 2 and be allocated as required in Illustration 5.10. Industrial uses requiring additional Height in D3 may be permitted by process of Warrant, subject to the Planning Director agreement that the applicant has demonstrated that the use specifically requires the proposed Height. f. Roof elements shall be permitted as follows: g. Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be visually concealed from ground-level and lateral views by parapets or screens of a minimum height necessary to visually conceal it, but said parapets and screens shall not exceed ten (10) feet. 1. Solar Equipment shall be screened unless screening diminishes performance by greater than fifteen percent (15%) and the Solar Equipment cannot be feasibly relocated. 2. Ornamental Building features, decorative elements, or similar Structures on a roof may extend up to twelve (12) feet in height. 3. Trellises and fabric shade structures on a roof may extend up to twelve (12) feet in Height. 4. Stair and elevator enclosures, may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height . 5. Cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms on a roof may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from the Building Facades. 6. Non-Habitable void space on a roof accommodating the depth of swimming pools; landscaping; decks; Extensive, Semi-Intensive, and Intensive Green Roof systems; transfer beams and other structural elements; and/or mechanical systems may extend up to six (6) feet in height. For the purposes of this subsection only, other permitted roof elements may extend above the vertical extent of the void space for the additional height specified. Non- Habitable void space may cover one hundred percent (100%) of the roof and shall not be counted as Public Benefit Floor Area. 7. Habitable Spaces above the top Story shall comply with the following requirements: 8. may extend up to fourteen (14) feet in Height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from Building Facades; a. may be used as amenity or Commercial Uses identified within Article 4, Table 3 Building Function: Uses and shall provide associated outdoor roof programming; b. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 173/614 5.10.3 Building Function & Density (D3) a. Buildings in Districts shall conform to the Functions, Densities, and Intensities described in Article 4, Tables 3 and 4 and Illustration

Public Benefit Floor Area. 7. Habitable Spaces above the top Story shall comply with the following requirements: 8. may extend up to fourteen (14) feet in Height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from Building Facades; a. may be used as amenity or Commercial Uses identified within Article 4, Table 3 Building Function: Uses and shall provide associated outdoor roof programming; b. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 173/614 5.10.3 Building Function & Density (D3) a. Buildings in Districts shall conform to the Functions, Densities, and Intensities described in Article 4, Tables 3 and 4 and Illustration 5.10 and Article 6. 5.10.4 Parking Standards (D3) a. Vehicular parking shall be required as shown in Article 4, Tables 4 and 5. b. On-street parking available along the Frontage Lines that correspond to each Lot shall be counted toward the parking requirement of the Building on the Lot. c. All parking, including open parking areas, covered parking, garages, Loading spaces and service areas shall be masked from the Frontage by a Streetscreen as illustrated in Article 4, Table 8. Underground parking may extend into the Second and First Layers only if it is fully underground and does not require raising the first-floor elevation of the First and Second Layers above that of the Sidewalk. d. Buildings mixing uses shall provide parking required for each Use. Shared Parking shall be calculated according to Article 4, Table 5. 5.10.5 Architectural Standards (D3) a. Temporary structures shall be permitted only as per City Code. b. Roof materials should be light-colored, high Albedo or a planted surface. 5.10.6 Landscape Standards (D3) a. The First Layer as shown in Article 4, Table 6 shall be paved and landscaped to match the Public Frontage as shown in Article 8, Table B. b. Unpaved green space shall be a minimum five percent (5%) of the total Lot Area. 5.10.7 Ambient Standards (D3) a. Noise regulations shall be as established in the City Code. b. Average lighting levels measured at the Building Frontage shall not exceed 1.0 fc (foot-candles). c. Lighting of Building and Abutting Open Spaces shall be compatible with street lighting of Abutting public spaces as illustrated in Article 8. Interior garage lighting fixtures shall not be visible from streets. d. The lighting fixtures of exposed rooftop parking shall be concealed by a parapet wall and shall not be seen from surrounding streets. shall not be used as Residential Units, Lodging Units, or Office space; and c. shall be treated as Public Benefit Floor Area for the first twenty percent (20%) and 1.5 times Public Benefit Floor Area for the additional twenty percent (20%). d. Habitable Spaces, cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms, mechanical equipment, and stair and elevator enclosures on a roof may: 9. cover up to twenty percent (20%) of the roof area; and a. cover an additional 20% of the roof area, not to exceed a total of forty percent (40%), when an Intensive Green Roof of an equivalent size of the

be used as Residential Units, Lodging Units, or Office space; and c. shall be treated as Public Benefit Floor Area for the first twenty percent (20%) and 1.5 times Public Benefit Floor Area for the additional twenty percent (20%). d. Habitable Spaces, cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms, mechanical equipment, and stair and elevator enclosures on a roof may: 9. cover up to twenty percent (20%) of the roof area; and a. cover an additional 20% of the roof area, not to exceed a total of forty percent (40%), when an Intensive Green Roof of an equivalent size of the additional area is provided and maintained. b. All roof elements shall be designed to: 10. harmonize with the overall architectural intent of the building; a. mitigate any negative visual impacts of the additional height and massing on the roof; and b. comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria. c. All roof elements shall be designed and maintained to comply with Florida Building Code including, where possible, the use of Notice of Acceptance (NOA) products and any vegetated roof system shall be independent of the roof structure, to be verified by the Building Department. 11. Streetscreens shall be between three and a half (3.5) and eight (8) feet in Height. The Streetscreen may be replaced by a hedge or fence. Streetscreens shall have openings no larger than necessary to allow automobile and pedestrian access. h. Parking, loading, service, utility, and storage areas and uses shall be screened from view of abutting zoning districts (other than D1 and D2 Zones), including shade trees spaced a minimum of thirty (30) feet on center. Screening shall not be required along the waterfront. i. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 174/614 ILLUSTRATION 5.10 DISTRICT ZONES - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL (D3) BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 10,000 s.f. min. b. Lot Width 100 ft min. c. Lot Coverage 90% max. d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback None f. Open Space 5% Lot Area min. g. Density N/A BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 5 ft. min. b. Secondary Front 5 ft. min. c. Side 0 ft. min. or abutting zone d. Rear 0 ft. min. or abutting zone e. Abutting Side or Rear T5 10 ft. min. 1st through 6th Story 30 ft. min. above 6th Story Abutting Side or Rear T4 6 ft. min. 1st through 3rd Story 26 ft. min. above 3rd Story Abutting Side or Rear T3 6 ft. min. 1st through 2nd Story 26 ft. min. above 3rd Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 175/614

through 3rd Story 26 ft. min. above 3rd Story Abutting Side or Rear T3 6 ft. min. 1st through 2nd Story 26 ft. min. above 3rd Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 175/614

ARTICLE 6 . SUPPLEMENTAL REGULATIONS Amendments to Article 6 FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C permitted d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height None b. Max. Height 8 Stories max. c. Max. Benefit Height N/A *Please see Article 3, Section 3.11 for additional Waterfront Setbacks regulations. ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13176 05-13- 2010 D1 Density 10-00361zt 13177 05-23- 2010 “Green” ordinances carried into Miami 21 10-00519 13235 11-18- 2010 Minor and non-substantial modifications throughout the Code 10-00956zt 13238 12-16- 2010 Requirements for sheds and other structures; loading berth substitutions; requirements for child are facilities; requirements for public and commercial storage facilities; distance separation requirements for ALF’s; distance separation requirements for uses and structures 10-00963zt 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 176/614 13241 12-16- 2010 Required process for large-scale commercial establishments 10-00969zt 13243 12-16- 2010 Requirements and limitations for freestanding signs, painted wall signs, establish regulations for CI-HD and D3 10-00971zt 13260 03-24- 2011 Adding an exception process for extensions of dock or piers 11-00018zt 13282 07-28- 2011 Modifications to drive-in and drive-through regulations in T4 11-00584zt 13281 07-28- 2011 Regional Activity Complex permissibility and sign regulations in T4 11-00588zt 13307 01-26- 2012 Public Storage Facilities modifications 11-00875zt 13464 05-22- 2014 Sign Regulations Amendment 12- 00941zt1 13485 09-29- 2014 Update to Regional Activity Complex language 14-00664zt 13494 01-22- 2015 Update to Live Work language on Table 13 14-01074zt 13541 07-23- 2015 Deleting, Striking and Repealing Media Tower Language 15-00778zt 13641 10-13- 2016 Creation of concrete batching supplemental regulations 1058 13653 12-08- 2016 Microbrewery definition and supplemental regulations 1231 13673 12-14- 2017 Crew Quarters definition and supplemental regulations 1233 13674 03-23- 2017 Public Storage Facility distancing and additional supplemental regulations 1131 13729 12-14- 2017 Micro dwelling units definition, and residential density and parking requirements 3108 13743 01-25- 2018 Alcohol Service Establishment, Food Service Establishment, and supplemental regulations 1972 13851 06-27- 2018 Amusement Rides 13791 09-27- 2018 Gambling Facilities 13747 02-22- 2018 Auto-Related Commercial Establishments 13906 06-11-2020 Disallow Public Storage Facilities in a T5 and T6 13931 10-08-2020 Adds supplemental regulation for Public Storage Facility 13959 12-10-2020 Approves by Warrant Assisted Living Facilities in the D-1 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 177/614 6.1 INTENT AND EXCLUSIONS The supplemental regulations of this article apply to the specific uses listed below within the broader Use categories identified in Article 4, Table 3 and Article 5. These regulations supplement other standards listed elsewhere in this code. No permit or Certificate of Use may be granted for any Use, unless the Use complies with the requirements of these supplemental regulations and any other applicable standards of the Miami 21 Code. Specifically excluded from all Transect Zones in the City are stockyards, slaughterhouses, wrecking yards, rag shops, cement plants, paper factories, ammunition plants, fireworks manufacturing, house barges, refining, smelting, forging, and unattended donation collection bins. The regulations of

to the specific uses listed below within the broader Use categories identified in Article 4, Table 3 and Article 5. These regulations supplement other standards listed elsewhere in this code. No permit or Certificate of Use may be granted for any Use, unless the Use complies with the requirements of these supplemental regulations and any other applicable standards of the Miami 21 Code. Specifically excluded from all Transect Zones in the City are stockyards, slaughterhouses, wrecking yards, rag shops, cement plants, paper factories, ammunition plants, fireworks manufacturing, house barges, refining, smelting, forging, and unattended donation collection bins. The regulations of Article 6, Table 13 are arranged by Transect Zone and in the same order in which they appear in Article 4, Table 3. These regulations may be further supplemented by Article 6, Sections 6.2 to 6.4. When calculating distance separation requirements, measurement shall be made from the nearest point of the Lot of the existing facility, Use, or Structure to the nearest point of the Lot of the proposed facility, Use, or Structure. A blank cell in Table 13 signifies that the Use is prohibited. Table 13: T3 - SUB-URBAN ZONE 13962 01-28- 2021 Modifies regulations for density and uses for the district zone regarding lodging uses 14048 2-10-2022 To prohibit gambling facilities 14105 2-06-2022 Amend Article 6 Table 13 T5 and T6 11616 14154 02-23-2023 To provide clarification and additional standards regarding outdoor dining and open air retail 10771 14157 03-09-2023 To replace or strike references to the Neighborhood Enhancement Team ("NET") 12614 14158 03-09-2023 To modify Table 13 to allow for additional height to fences and walls enclosing infrastructure and utilities 13315 14183 06-08-2023 To allow and establish definitions and regulations for Co-Living Residential Uses. 13541 14188 06-22-2023 To allow educational uses by right in T6 transect zone in certain circumstances. 13775 14235 11-16-2023 Clarify the Waiver processes relating to reservoir parking spaces. 14196 14238 11-16-2023 To provide supplementary regulations for community facilities in Table 13 14682 T3 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN DENSITY (UPA) 9 UNITS PER ACRE 9 UNITS PER ACRE 18 UNITS PER ACRE DWELLING UNIT Efficiency Dwelling Unit: 400 square feet min. One bedroom Dwelling Unit: 550 square feet min. Two bedroom Dwelling Unit: 650 square feet min. Efficiency Dwelling Unit: 400 square feet min. One bedroom Dwelling Unit: 550 square feet min. Two bedroom Dwelling Unit: 650 square feet min. Efficiency Dwelling Unit: 400 square feet min. One bedroom Dwelling Unit: 550 square feet min. Two bedroom Dwelling Unit: 650 square feet min. ANCILLARY UNIT Maximum size of unit 450 square feet excluding garage. Shall only be used as Single-Family Residence dwelling. Prohibited as a third unit. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 178/614 T3 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN May only be rented if the principal dwelling owner is in residence on site. Unit Structure shall be architecturally harmonious with the Principal Building. Any Facade abutting another property shall provide only clerestory windows along that corresponding Facade. BOATS HOUSEBOAT HOUSE BARGE Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and

feet min. One bedroom Dwelling Unit: 550 square feet min. Two bedroom Dwelling Unit: 650 square feet min. ANCILLARY UNIT Maximum size of unit 450 square feet excluding garage. Shall only be used as Single-Family Residence dwelling. Prohibited as a third unit. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 178/614 T3 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN May only be rented if the principal dwelling owner is in residence on site. Unit Structure shall be architecturally harmonious with the Principal Building. Any Facade abutting another property shall provide only clerestory windows along that corresponding Facade. BOATS HOUSEBOAT HOUSE BARGE Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted October 24, 1991. Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted October 24, 1991. Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted October 24, 1991. BOAT HOUSE Maximum size: 20 feet wide, 40 feet long, 15 feet high. Maximum size: 20 feet wide, 40 feet long, 15 feet high. Maximum size: 20 feet wide, 40 feet long, 15 feet high. BOAT SLIP Maximum coverage of waterfront setback: 35% Maximum coverage of waterfront setback: 35% Maximum coverage of waterfront setback: 35% DOCKS PIERS Extension of docks or Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet . Further extension of docks or Piers into Biscayne Bay permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Extension of docks or Piers into other waterways limited to 10 feet or 10% of waterway width, whichever is less. Further extensions permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Only private pleasure craft may be docked or moored. Dock/ Pier Setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, Extension of docks or Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet . Further extension of docks or Piers into Biscayne Bay permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Extension of docks or Piers into other waterways limited to 10 feet or 10% of waterway width, whichever is less. Further extensions permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Only private pleasure craft may be docked or moored. Dock/ Pier Setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, Extension of docks or Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet . Further extension of docks or Piers into Biscayne Bay permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Extension of docks or Piers into other waterways limited to 10 feet or 10% of waterway width, whichever is less. Further extensions permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Only private pleasure craft

may be docked or moored. Dock/ Pier Setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, Extension of docks or Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet . Further extension of docks or Piers into Biscayne Bay permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Extension of docks or Piers into other waterways limited to 10 feet or 10% of waterway width, whichever is less. Further extensions permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Only private pleasure craft may be docked or moored. Dock/ Pier Setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 179/614 T3 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN commercial boat ramps, and commercial hauling and fueling. commercial boat ramps, and commercial hauling and fueling. commercial boat ramps, and commercial hauling and fueling. COMMUNITY RESIDENCES 1-6 RESIDENTS Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. COMMUNITY RESIDENCES 7-14 RESIDENTS Prohibited within 500 feet of any T3-R or T3-L. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. ADULT FAMILY CARE HOME 1-5-RESIDENTS Prohibited within 1000 feet of another such residence. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Prohibited within 1000 feet of another such residence. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Prohibited within 1000 feet of another such residence. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. HOME OFFICE Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. Maximum size of Home Office shall be 25% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Home Occupations limited to individual tutoring; non- amplified individual instrument instruction; authors and composers; artists; designers; seamstresses; tailors; and uses similar in impact. Office uses, excluding medical and dental offices. Maximum of one client at a time. Maximum of two staff members, one of which must reside on premises. Hours of operation limited to Monday through Saturday 8:00 AM to 6 PM. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. Maximum size of Home Office shall be 25% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Home Occupations limited to individual tutoring; non- amplified individual instrument instruction; authors and composers; artists; designers; seamstresses; tailors; and uses similar in impact. Office uses, excluding medical and dental offices. Maximum of one client at a time. Maximum of two staff members, one of which must reside on premises. Hours of operation limited to Monday through Saturday 8:00 AM to 6 PM. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. Shall be

of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Home Occupations limited to individual tutoring; non- amplified individual instrument instruction; authors and composers; artists; designers; seamstresses; tailors; and uses similar in impact. Office uses, excluding medical and dental offices. Maximum of one client at a time. Maximum of two staff members, one of which must reside on premises. Hours of operation limited to Monday through Saturday 8:00 AM to 6 PM. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. Maximum size of Home Office shall be 25% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Home Occupations limited to individual tutoring; non- amplified individual instrument instruction; authors and composers; artists; designers; seamstresses; tailors; and uses similar in impact. Office uses, excluding medical and dental offices. Maximum of one client at a time. Maximum of two staff members, one of which must reside on premises. Hours of operation limited to Monday through Saturday 8:00 AM to 6 PM. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. INFRASTRUCTURE AND UTILITIES Wall and Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural Wall and Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural Wall and Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 180/614 Table 13: T4 - GENERAL URBAN ZONE T3 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. PERSONAL WIRELESS FACILITY Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. T4 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN DENSITY (UPA) 36 UNITS PER ACRE 36 UNITS PER ACRE 36 UNITS PER ACRE DWELLING UNIT Efficiency Dwelling Unit: 400 square feet min. One bedroom Dwelling Unit: 550 square feet min. Two bedroom Dwelling Unit: 650 square feet min. Efficiency Dwelling Unit: 400 square feet min. One bedroom Dwelling Unit: 550 square feet min. Two bedroom Dwelling Unit: 650 square feet min. Efficiency Dwelling Unit: 400 square feet min. One

as applicable. PERSONAL WIRELESS FACILITY Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. T4 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN DENSITY (UPA) 36 UNITS PER ACRE 36 UNITS PER ACRE 36 UNITS PER ACRE DWELLING UNIT Efficiency Dwelling Unit: 400 square feet min. One bedroom Dwelling Unit: 550 square feet min. Two bedroom Dwelling Unit: 650 square feet min. Efficiency Dwelling Unit: 400 square feet min. One bedroom Dwelling Unit: 550 square feet min. Two bedroom Dwelling Unit: 650 square feet min. Efficiency Dwelling Unit: 400 square feet min. One bedroom Dwelling Unit: 550 square feet min. Two bedroom Dwelling Unit: 650 square feet min. BOATS HOUSEBOAT HOUSE BARGE Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted October 24, 1991. Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted October 24, 1991. Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted October 24, 1991. BOAT HOUSE Maximum size: 20 feet wide, 40 feet long, 15 feet high. Maximum size: 20 feet wide, 40 feet long, 15 feet high. Maximum size: 20 feet wide, 40 feet long, 15 feet high. BOAT SLIP Maximum coverage of waterfront setback: 35% Maximum coverage of waterfront setback: 35% Maximum coverage of waterfront setback: 35% DOCKS PIERS Extension of docks or Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet . Further extension of docks or Piers into Biscayne Bay permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Extension of docks or Piers into other waterways limited to 10 feet or 10% of waterway width, whichever is less. Further extensions permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Only private pleasure craft may be docked or moored Extension of docks or Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet . Further extension of docks or Piers into Biscayne Bay permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Extension of docks or Piers into other waterways limited to 10 feet or 10% of waterway width, whichever is less. Further extensions permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Extension of docks or Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet . Further extension of docks or Piers into Biscayne Bay permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Extension of docks or Piers into other waterways limited to 10 feet or 10% of waterway width, whichever is less. Further extensions permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Only private pleasure craft may be docked or moored 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 181/614 T4 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN on property adjacent to T3- R, T4-R, T5-R, T6-R. Dock/ Pier Setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or

limited to 35 feet . Further extension of docks or Piers into Biscayne Bay permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Extension of docks or Piers into other waterways limited to 10 feet or 10% of waterway width, whichever is less. Further extensions permitted by Exception, when required by applicable agency. Only private pleasure craft may be docked or moored 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 181/614 T4 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN on property adjacent to T3- R, T4-R, T5-R, T6-R. Dock/ Pier Setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, commercial boat ramps, and commercial hauling and fueling. Only private pleasure craft may be docked or moored on property adjacent to T3-R, T4-R, T5-R, T6-R. Dock/ Pier Setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, commercial boat ramps, and commercial hauling and fueling. on property adjacent to T3- R, T4-R, T5-R, T6-R. Dock/ Pier Setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, commercial boat ramps, and commercial hauling and fueling. COMMUNITY RESIDENCES 1-6 RESIDENTS Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. COMMUNITY RESIDENCES 7- 14 RESIDENTS Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. COMMUNITY FACILITY 1. Use must be permitted by the Property’s underlying Future Land Use Map Designation. 2. Evidence must be provided that the Use was approved at a public hearing under the applicable requirements of a previous Zoning Ordinance. 3. The nature and character of the Use is substantially the same conditions as was originally approved. 4. The existing Building may be repaired, modified, altered, enlarged and/or expanded into a new Structure on an adjacent Lot so long as a minimum of 50% of the perimeter walls of the existing Building are preserved. The combined Lots may not exceed the maximum Lot 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 182/614 T4 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN Size provided under Article 5, Section 5.4 of this Code. 5. The property must be only a museum facility owned and operated by a governmental agency (including the City) and/or a nonprofit corporation in existence for a minimum of 30 years. 6. Where the Community Facility use abuts existing residential uses, a buffer consisting of a six (6) foot wall, or shrubs which normally grow to a minimum height of six (6) feet shall be provided along the shared property line with the residential use. ADULT FAMILY CARE HOME 1-5 RESIDENTS Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. HOME OFFICE Shall be located

museum facility owned and operated by a governmental agency (including the City) and/or a nonprofit corporation in existence for a minimum of 30 years. 6. Where the Community Facility use abuts existing residential uses, a buffer consisting of a six (6) foot wall, or shrubs which normally grow to a minimum height of six (6) feet shall be provided along the shared property line with the residential use. ADULT FAMILY CARE HOME 1-5 RESIDENTS Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. HOME OFFICE Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. Maximum size of Home Office shall be 25% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Home Occupations limited to individual tutoring; non- amplified individual instrument instruction; authors and composers; artists; designers; seamstresses; tailors; and uses similar in impact. Office uses, excluding medical and dental offices. Maximum of one client at a time. Maximum of two staff members, one of which must reside on premises. Hours of operation limited to Monday through Saturday 8:00 AM to 6 PM. No equipment or process shall be used which creates Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. Maximum size of Home Office shall be 25% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Home Occupations limited to individual tutoring; non-amplified individual instrument instruction; authors and composers; artists; designers; seamstresses; tailors; and uses similar in impact. Office uses, excluding medical and dental offices. Maximum of one client at a time. Maximum of two staff members, one of which must reside on premises. Hours of operation limited to Monday through Saturday 8:00 AM to 6 PM. Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. Maximum size of Home Office shall be 25% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Home Occupations limited to individual tutoring; non- amplified individual instrument instruction; authors and composers; artists; designers; seamstresses; tailors; and uses similar in impact. Office uses, excluding medical and dental offices. Maximum of one client at a time. Maximum of two staff members, one of which must reside on premises. Hours of operation limited to Monday through Saturday 8:00 AM to 6 PM. No equipment or process shall be used which creates 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 183/614 T4 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. LIVE WORK Shall be located within ground floor or Liner units. Maximum size of work occupation shall not exceed 50% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Live Work occupations limited to those allowed in Transect Zone. No equipment or process

normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. LIVE WORK Shall be located within ground floor or Liner units. Maximum size of work occupation shall not exceed 50% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Live Work occupations limited to those allowed in Transect Zone. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. Shall be located within ground floor or Liner units. Maximum size of work occupation shall not exceed 50% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Live Work occupations limited to those allowed in Transect Zone. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. BED AND BREAKFAST Subject to City Code Chapter 23. DRIVE- THROUGH AND DRIVE-IN May only be permitted by Warrant. Available only when site’s Primary Frontage is along a County designated primary arterial road. Whenever possible, all ingress and egress to and from the site shall be from a County designated primary arterial road. Principal Frontage access may be allowed. Reservoir parking spaces shall be required as follows: One (1) at window, three (3) before service window, one (1) after service window. ADULT DAYCARE For 6 to 9 adults: Minimum of 350 sq feet of indoor activity area. For 6 to 9 adults: Minimum of 350 sq feet of indoor activity area. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 184/614 T4 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN PERSONAL WIRELESS SERVICE FACILITY Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. CHILDCARE For 6 to 10 children maximum: Minimum of 35 square feet of usable indoor floor space per child on license. Minimum of 45 square feet of usable outdoor play area per child. A minimum outdoor play area shall be provided for one half of license capacity. In no event shall any outdoor play area be less than 450 square feet. The minimum standard of outdoor play area does not apply for children under one year of age. For 6 to 10 children maximum: Minimum of 35 square feet of usable indoor floor space per child on license. Minimum of 45 square feet of usable outdoor play area per child. A minimum outdoor play area shall be provided for one half of license capacity. In no event shall any outdoor play area be less than 450 square feet. The minimum standard of outdoor play area does not apply for children under one year of age. For 6 to 10 children maximum: Minimum of 35

of outdoor play area does not apply for children under one year of age. For 6 to 10 children maximum: Minimum of 35 square feet of usable indoor floor space per child on license. Minimum of 45 square feet of usable outdoor play area per child. A minimum outdoor play area shall be provided for one half of license capacity. In no event shall any outdoor play area be less than 450 square feet. The minimum standard of outdoor play area does not apply for children under one year of age. For 6 to 10 children maximum: Minimum of 35 square feet of usable indoor floor space per child on license. Minimum of 45 square feet of usable outdoor play area per child. A minimum outdoor play area shall be provided for one half of license capacity. In no event shall any outdoor play area be less than 450 square feet. The minimum standard of outdoor play area does not apply for children under one year of age. FOOD SERVICE ESTABLISHMENT Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments under 2,500 square feet of Floor Area with a valid 4COP alcohol beverage license shall require a Warrant. Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments under 2,500 square feet of Floor Area with a valid 4COP alcohol beverage license shall require a Warrant. ALCOHOL SERVICE ESTABLISHMENT Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments occupying more than 5,000 square feet of Floor Area shall require an Exception with approval by the City Commission. Establishments located within an Entertainment District as defined within Section 4-9 of the City Code shall not be subject to an Exception permit. Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments occupying more than 5,000 square feet of Floor Area shall require an Exception with approval by the City Commission. Establishments located within an Entertainment District as defined within Section 4-9 of the City Code shall not be subject to an Exception permit. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 185/614 Table 13: T5 - URBAN CENTER ZONE T4 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN INFRASTRUCTURE AND UTILITIES Wall and Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks.Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Wall and Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with

Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks.Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Wall and Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Wall and Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. T5 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN DENSITY (UPA) 65 UNITS PER ACRE * 65 UNITS PER ACRE * 65 UNITS PER ACRE * ADULT DAYCARE For 6 to 9 adults: Minimum of 350 square feet of indoor activity area. For 6 to 9 adults: Minimum of 350 square feet of indoor activity area. For 10 or more adults: Minimum of 35 square feet of indoor activity area per adult. ADULT FAMILY CARE HOME 1-5 RESIDENTS Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. ALCOHOL SERVICE ESTABLISHMENT Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages”. Establishments occupying more than 5,000 square feet of Floor Area shall require an Exception with approval by the City Commission. Establishments located within an Entertainment District as defined within Section 4-9 of the City Code shall not be subject to an Exception permit. Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages”. Establishments occupying more than 5,000 square feet of Floor Area shall require an Exception with approval by the City Commission. Establishments located within an Entertainment District as defined within Section 4-9 of the City Code shall not be subject to an Exception permit. AUTO RELATED COMMERCIAL Car Wash: Subject to City Code Chapter 23 Self-service, semiautomatic, and automatic dragline shall provide for each of the first 3 wash stalls, 3 parking reservoir 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 186/614 T5 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN spaces before and 3 after. Beyond 3 stalls, 1 parking reservoir spaces before and 2 after each stall. Custom hand car wash shall provide for each wash stall, 1 parking reservoir space before each stall and 1 after, and 5 additional parking spaces. Gas Stations: Subject to City Code Chapter 23 Principal Frontage access may be allowed. Frontage requirement may be reduced maximum 30% by Waiver. Building Facade may be a colonnade. All

semiautomatic, and automatic dragline shall provide for each of the first 3 wash stalls, 3 parking reservoir 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 186/614 T5 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN spaces before and 3 after. Beyond 3 stalls, 1 parking reservoir spaces before and 2 after each stall. Custom hand car wash shall provide for each wash stall, 1 parking reservoir space before each stall and 1 after, and 5 additional parking spaces. Gas Stations: Subject to City Code Chapter 23 Principal Frontage access may be allowed. Frontage requirement may be reduced maximum 30% by Waiver. Building Facade may be a colonnade. All vending machines shall be located indoors. Only vehicles awaiting service, permitted rental vehicles and staff vehicles parked while working shall be allowed. All repairs, change of tires, greasing/lubricating shall be conducted within building. Outdoor display of products incidental to normal refueling is prohibited closer to the street than pump islands. Outdoor display or storage of tires is prohibited. Vehicle Rental Facilities: In addition to the parking requirements in Article 4 Table 4 for lease or rental passenger vehicle facilities there shall be 10 parking spaces provided for first 10,000 square feet of Floor Area and 1 space for each additional 500 square feet . In addition to the parking requirements in Article 4 Table 4 for lease or rental cargo vehicle facilities 1 parking space per staff member and 1 space for each 8 vehicles stored on the premises. All access to site shall be from a County designated primary arterial road. Building designated for customer service must be 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 187/614 T5 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN located where it is easily accessible from site access point. All transactions must be conducted indoors. All vehicle storage areas must be lighted without causing spillover onto Abutting properties. On-site vehicle service must be conducted indoors and is limited to minor repairs and maintenance. Auto Sales: For new Buildings, the display of vehicles and sales transactions must be located indoors. Building disposition, configuration, and all applicable standards must meet the minimum requirements defined in Article 5. BOATS HOUSEBOAT HOUSE BARGE Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted 10-24-1991. Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted 10-24-1991. Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted 10-24-1991. BOAT HOUSE Maximum size: 20 feet wide, 40 feet long, 15 feet high. Maximum size: 20 feet wide, 40 feet long, 15 feet high. Maximum size: 20 feet wide, 40 feet long, 15 feet high. BOAT SLIP Maximum coverage of waterfront setback: 35% Maximum coverage of waterfront setback: 35% Maximum coverage of waterfront setback: 35% CHILDCARE Minimum of 35 square feet of usable indoor floor space per child on license. Minimum of 45

10-24-1991. Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted 10-24-1991. BOAT HOUSE Maximum size: 20 feet wide, 40 feet long, 15 feet high. Maximum size: 20 feet wide, 40 feet long, 15 feet high. Maximum size: 20 feet wide, 40 feet long, 15 feet high. BOAT SLIP Maximum coverage of waterfront setback: 35% Maximum coverage of waterfront setback: 35% Maximum coverage of waterfront setback: 35% CHILDCARE Minimum of 35 square feet of usable indoor floor space per child on license. Minimum of 45 square feet of usable outdoor play area per child. A minimum outdoor play area shall be provided for one half of license capacity. In no event shall any outdoor play area be less than 450 square feet. The minimum standard of outdoor play area does Minimum of 35 square feet of usable indoor floor space per child on license. Minimum of 45 square feet of usable outdoor play area per child. A minimum outdoor play area shall be provided for one half of license capacity. In no event shall any outdoor play area be less than 450 square feet. The minimum standard of outdoor play area does Minimum of 35 square feet of usable indoor floor space per child on license. Minimum of 45 square feet of usable outdoor play area per child. A minimum outdoor play area shall be provided for one half of license capacity. In no event shall any outdoor play area be less than 450 square feet. The minimum standard of outdoor play area does not apply for children under one year of age. Minimum of 1 drop off 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 188/614 T5 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN not apply for children under one year of age. Minimum of 1 drop off parking space for every 10 children. Vehicular entrance must be within 300 feet of arterial road. not apply for children under one year of age. Minimum of 1 drop off parking space for every 10 children. Vehicular entrance must be within 300 feet of arterial road. parking space for every 10 children. Vehicular entrance must be within 300 feet of arterial road. CO-LIVING UNIT Each Co-Living Unit shall have a maximum of six (6) Co-Living Rooms. Each Co-Living Unit shall have a minimum of fifty (50) square feet of shared unit space per Co-Living Room including full kitchen facilities, and direct access to the outside or a common hall. A minimum of ten percent (10%) of the gross floor area of the Co-Living use shall consist of Shared Amenity Space outside Co-Living Units. Circulation corridors or lobbies under five hundred (500) square feet shall not be considered Shared Amenity Space. Residential amenities may be combined with Lodging amenities. Commercial uses shall not be considered Shared Amenity Space. An operational plan shall be required to include the following: All Co-Living Units within a building shall be operated and managed by one (1) centralized operator.

Co-Living Room including full kitchen facilities, and direct access to the outside or a common hall. A minimum of ten percent (10%) of the gross floor area of the Co-Living use shall consist of Shared Amenity Space outside Co-Living Units. Circulation corridors or lobbies under five hundred (500) square feet shall not be considered Shared Amenity Space. Residential amenities may be combined with Lodging amenities. Commercial uses shall not be considered Shared Amenity Space. An operational plan shall be required to include the following: All Co-Living Units within a building shall be operated and managed by one (1) centralized operator. A dedicated employee of the operating entity shall be available 24 hours a day to respond to resident needs or other issues that may arise. Said employee must be available to respond in person, if necessary. The building shall contain a registration desk and a lobby. Each Co-Living Unit shall have a maximum of six (6) Co-Living Rooms. Each Co-Living Unit shall have a minimum of fifty (50) square feet of shared unit space per Co-Living Room including full kitchen facilities, and direct access to the outside or a common hall. A minimum of ten percent (10%) of the gross floor area of the Co-Living use shall consist of Shared Amenity Space outside Co-Living Units. Circulation corridors or lobbies under five hundred (500) square feet shall not be considered Shared Amenity Space. Residential amenities may be combined with Lodging amenities. Commercial uses shall not be considered Shared Amenity Space. An operational plan shall be required to include the following: All Co-Living Units within a building shall be operated and managed by one (1) centralized operator. A dedicated employee of the operating entity shall be available 24 hours a day to respond to resident needs or other issues that may arise. Said employee must be available to respond in person, if necessary. The building shall contain a registration desk and a lobby. Onsite laundry facilities shall be provided. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 189/614 T5 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN Onsite laundry facilities shall be provided. COMMUNITY RESIDENCES 1-6 RESIDENTS Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. COMMUNITY RESIDENCES 7-14 RESIDENTS Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. COMMUNITY SUPPORT FACILITY Assisted Living Facilities: Allowed by Exception and are subject to the following additional requirements: Maximum number of residents 50. Minimum distance requirement of 2,500 feet between proposed facility and another existing facility. Minimum distance requirement of 1,000 feet between proposed Facility or Assisted Living Facility and any T3 or T4-R Zone. Assisted Living Facilities: Allowed by Exception and are subject to the following additional requirements: Maximum number of residents 50. Minimum distance requirement of 2,500 feet between proposed facility and another existing facility. Minimum distance requirement of 1,000 feet between proposed facility and any T3 or T4-R Zone. Assisted Living Facilities: Allowed by Exception

by Exception and are subject to the following additional requirements: Maximum number of residents 50. Minimum distance requirement of 2,500 feet between proposed facility and another existing facility. Minimum distance requirement of 1,000 feet between proposed Facility or Assisted Living Facility and any T3 or T4-R Zone. Assisted Living Facilities: Allowed by Exception and are subject to the following additional requirements: Maximum number of residents 50. Minimum distance requirement of 2,500 feet between proposed facility and another existing facility. Minimum distance requirement of 1,000 feet between proposed facility and any T3 or T4-R Zone. Assisted Living Facilities: Allowed by Exception and are subject to the following additional requirements: Maximum number of residents 50. Minimum distance requirement of 2,500 feet between proposed facility and another existing facility. Minimum distance requirement of 1,000 feet between proposed facility and any T3 or T4-R Zone. DOCKS PIERS Extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet However, by Exception a 600 feet maximum extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay may be allowed. Extension of docks and Piers into other waterways is limited to 10 feet or 10% of the width of the waterway, whichever is less. However, by Exception further extension may be approved, subject to approval from all applicable agencies. Only private pleasure crafts may be docked or moored on property adjacent to T3-R, T4-R, T5-R, T6-R. Dock / Pier Setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet However, by Exception a 600 feet maximum extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay may be allowed. Extension of docks and Piers into other waterways is limited to 10 feet or 10% of the width of the waterway, whichever is less. However, by Exception further extension may be approved, subject to approval from all applicable agencies. Only private pleasure craft may be docked or moored on property adjacent to T3-R, T4-R, T5-R, T6-R. Dock / Pier Setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet However, by Exception a 600 feet maximum extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay may be allowed. Extension of docks and Piers into other waterways is limited to 10 feet or 10% of the width of the waterway, whichever is less. However, by Exception further extension may be approved, subject to approval from all applicable agencies. Only private pleasure craft may be docked or moored on property adjacent to T3-R, T4- R, T5-R, T6-R. Dock / Pier Setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 190/614 T5 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, commercial boat ramps, and commercial hauling and fueling. Vessel setback: 5 feet from

subject to approval from all applicable agencies. Only private pleasure craft may be docked or moored on property adjacent to T3-R, T4- R, T5-R, T6-R. Dock / Pier Setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 190/614 T5 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, commercial boat ramps, and commercial hauling and fueling. Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, commercial boat ramps, and commercial hauling and fueling. commercial boat ramps, and commercial hauling and fueling. DRIVE- THROUGH AND DRIVE-IN Reservoir parking spaces shall be required as follows: One (1) at service window, minimum three (3) before the service window, minimum one (1) after the service window. The above Reservoir parking spaces shall not obstruct access to parking spaces. DWELLING UNIT Efficiency Dwelling Unit: 400 square feet min. One bedroom Dwelling Unit: 550 square feet min. Two bedroom Dwelling Unit: 650 square feet min. Co-Living Room: 180 square feet min. and 400 square feet max. Only permitted within the UCDB, CI-HD, NRD-1 and NRD-2 areas. Micro Dwelling Unit: 275 square feet min. Only permitted within a TOD area and NRD-1. Permitted by Warrant. Prohibited on a Lot Abutting T3. Efficiency Dwelling Unit: 400 square feet min. One bedroom Dwelling Unit: 550 square feet min. Two bedroom Dwelling Unit: 650 square feet min. Co-Living Room: 180 square feet min. and 400 square feet max. Only permitted within the UCDB, CI-HD, NRD-1 and NRD-2 areas. Micro Dwelling Unit: 275 square feet min. Only permitted within a TOD area and NRD-1. Permitted by Warrant. Prohibited on a Lot Abutting T3. Efficiency Dwelling Unit: 400 square feet min. One bedroom Dwelling Unit: 550 square feet min. Two bedroom Dwelling Unit: 650 square feet min. FOOD SERVICE ESTABLISHMENT Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments under 2,500 square feet of Floor Area with a valid 4COP alcohol beverage license shall require a Warrant. Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments under 2,500 square feet of Floor Area with a valid 4COP alcohol beverage license shall require a Warrant. HOME OFFICE Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 191/614 T5 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN Maximum size of Home Office shall be 25% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Home Office occupations limited to individual tutoring; non-amplified individual instrument instruction; authors and composers; artists; designers; seamstresses; tailors; Office uses, excluding medical and dental offices. Maximum of one client at

2,500 square feet of Floor Area with a valid 4COP alcohol beverage license shall require a Warrant. HOME OFFICE Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 191/614 T5 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN Maximum size of Home Office shall be 25% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Home Office occupations limited to individual tutoring; non-amplified individual instrument instruction; authors and composers; artists; designers; seamstresses; tailors; Office uses, excluding medical and dental offices. Maximum of one client at a time. Maximum of two staff members, one of which must reside on premises. Hours of operation limited to Monday through Saturday 8:00 AM to 6 PM. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. Maximum size of Home Office shall be 25% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Home Office occupations limited to individual tutoring; non-amplified individual instrument instruction; authors and composers; artists; designers; seamstresses; tailors; Office uses, excluding medical and dental offices. Maximum of one client at a time. Maximum of two staff members, one of which must reside on premises. Hours of operation limited to Monday through Saturday 8:00 AM to 6 PM. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. Maximum size of Home Office shall be 25% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Home Office occupations limited to individual tutoring; non-amplified individual instrument instruction; authors and composers; artists; designers; seamstresses; tailors; Office uses, excluding medical and dental offices. Maximum of one client at a time. Maximum of two staff members, one of which must reside on premises. Hours of operation limited to Monday through Saturday 8:00 AM to 6 PM. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. INFRASTRUCTURE AND UTILITIES Wall and Fence heights may extend above eight (8’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Wall and Fence heights may extend above eight (8’) feet, up to a maximum oftwenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Wall and Fence heights may extend above eight (8’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with

with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Wall and Fence heights may extend above eight (8’) feet, up to a maximum oftwenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Wall and Fence heights may extend above eight (8’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. LIVE WORK Shall be located within ground floor or Liner units. Maximum size of work occupation shall not exceed 50% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Live Work occupations limited to those allowed in Transect Zone. Shall be located within ground floor or Liner units. Maximum size of work occupation shall not exceed 50% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Live Work occupations limited to those allowed in Transect Zone. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 192/614 * Or as modified in Article 4, Diagram 9 Table 13: T6 - URBAN CORE ZONE T5 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. OPEN AIR RETAIL Access to site must be from a major Thoroughfare. Distance separation of any Open Air Retail shall be a minimum of 75 feet measured from any property within T3, T4-R, T5-R, or T6-R Zone. Operation limited to weekends and legal holidays for a maximum of 3 consecutive days between the hours of 7:00 AM and 7:00 PM. Provision of paving striping for stalls and parking spaces. Provision of onsite restroom facilities. Access to site must be from a major Thoroughfare. Distance separation of any Open Air Retail shall be a minimum of 75 feet measured from any property within T3, T4-R, T5-R, or T6-R Zone. Operation limited to weekends and legal holidays for a maximum of 3 consecutive days between the hours of 7:00 AM and 7:00 PM. Provision of paving striping for stalls and parking spaces. Provision of onsite restroom facilities. PERSONAL WIRELESS SERVICE FACILITY Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. PUBLIC STORAGE FACILITY T6 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN DENSITY (UPA) 150 UNITS PER ACRE * 150 UNITS PER ACRE * 150 – 1,000 UNITS PER ACRE * ADULT DAYCARE Allowed by Warrant per Article 4 Table 3.

T6-R Zone. Operation limited to weekends and legal holidays for a maximum of 3 consecutive days between the hours of 7:00 AM and 7:00 PM. Provision of paving striping for stalls and parking spaces. Provision of onsite restroom facilities. PERSONAL WIRELESS SERVICE FACILITY Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. PUBLIC STORAGE FACILITY T6 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN DENSITY (UPA) 150 UNITS PER ACRE * 150 UNITS PER ACRE * 150 – 1,000 UNITS PER ACRE * ADULT DAYCARE Allowed by Warrant per Article 4 Table 3. For 6 to 9 adults: Minimum of 350 square feet of indoor activity area. Allowed by Warrant per Article 4 Table 3. For 6 to 9 adults: Minimum of 350 square feet of indoor activity area. For 10 or more adults: Minimum of 35 square feet of indoor activity area per adult. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 193/614 T6 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN ADULT FAMILY CARE HOME 1-5-RESIDENTS Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. ALCOHOL SERVICE ESTABLISHMENT Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments occupying more than 5,000 square feet of Floor Area shall require an Exception with approval by the City Commission. Establishments located within an Entertainment District as defined within Section 4-9 of the City Code shall not be subject to an Exception permit. Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments occupying more than 5,000 square feet of Floor Area shall require an Exception with approval by the City Commission. Establishments located within an Entertainment District as defined within Section 4-9 of the City Code shall not be subject to an Exception permit. AMUSEMENT RIDE Amusement Rides are permissible by Exception with City Commission approval, subject to review pursuant to Article 4, Table 12 of this Code and additional standards as follows: 1. Limited permissibility as Accessory Structures, ancillary to a Waterfront Specialty Center. 2. Limited to master planned sites, intended and improved for public access which qualify as a regional destination. 3. Framed by liner buildings or Civic Open Space meeting minimum standards of this Code. 4. Strobe or other exterior lighting which flashes or blinks, including the ride, are prohibited. 5. All project exterior lighting, located more than forty (40) feet above finished grade, shall be 3,000K or less. 6. Illumination may not exceed a maximum brightness level of 0.3 foot candles above ambient light as measured at a distance of 250 feet from the Use, 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 194/614 T6 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN supported by written certification from the manufacturer. 7. Except for any FAA- required lighting, power to all lighting shall be shut off by 2:00 a.m. 8. Any sound or noise generated shall abide by all restrictions set forth

blinks, including the ride, are prohibited. 5. All project exterior lighting, located more than forty (40) feet above finished grade, shall be 3,000K or less. 6. Illumination may not exceed a maximum brightness level of 0.3 foot candles above ambient light as measured at a distance of 250 feet from the Use, 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 194/614 T6 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN supported by written certification from the manufacturer. 7. Except for any FAA- required lighting, power to all lighting shall be shut off by 2:00 a.m. 8. Any sound or noise generated shall abide by all restrictions set forth in Chapter 36 of the City Code and are not eligible for exemptions thereof. AUTO RELATED COMMERCIAL Car Wash: Self-service, semiautomatic, and automatic dragline shall provide for each of the first 3 wash stalls, 3 parking reservoir spaces before and 3 after. Beyond 3 stalls, 1 parking reservoir spaces before and 2 after each stall. Custom hand car wash shall provide for each wash stall, 1 parking reservoir space before each stall and 1 after, and 5 additional parking spaces. Gas Stations: Principal Frontage access may be allowed. Frontage requirement may be reduced maximum 30% by Waiver. Building Facade may be a colonnade. All vending machines shall be located indoors. Trash facilities shall be completely enclosed and shielded from Primary Frontages. Only vehicles awaiting service, permitted rental vehicles and staff vehicles parked while working shall be allowed. All repairs, change of tires, greasing/lubricating shall be conducted within building. Outdoor display of products incidental to normal refueling is prohibited closer to the street than pump islands. Outdoor display or storage of tires is prohibited. Vehicle Rental Facilities: Car Wash: Subject to City Code Chapter 23 Self-service, semiautomatic, and automatic dragline shall provide for each of the first 3 wash stalls, 3 parking reservoir spaces before and 3 after. Beyond 3 stalls, 1 parking reservoir spaces before and 2 after each stall. Custom hand car wash shall provide for each wash stall, 1 parking reservoir space before each stall and 1 after, and 5 additional parking spaces. Gas Stations: Subject to City Code Chapter 23 Principal Frontage access may be allowed. Frontage requirement may be reduced maximum 30% by Waiver. Building Facade may be a colonnade. All vending machines shall be located indoors. Trash facilities shall be completely enclosed and shielded from Primary Frontages. Only vehicles awaiting service, permitted rental vehicles and staff vehicles parked while working shall be allowed. All repairs, change of tires, greasing/lubricating shall be conducted within building. Outdoor display of products incidental to normal refueling is prohibited closer to the 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 195/614 T6 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN In addition to the parking requirements in Article 4 Table 4 for lease or rental passenger vehicle facilities there shall be 10 parking spaces provided for first 10,000 square feet of Floor Area and 1 space for each additional 500 square feet. In addition to the parking requirements in Article 4 Table 4 for lease or rental cargo

staff vehicles parked while working shall be allowed. All repairs, change of tires, greasing/lubricating shall be conducted within building. Outdoor display of products incidental to normal refueling is prohibited closer to the 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 195/614 T6 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN In addition to the parking requirements in Article 4 Table 4 for lease or rental passenger vehicle facilities there shall be 10 parking spaces provided for first 10,000 square feet of Floor Area and 1 space for each additional 500 square feet. In addition to the parking requirements in Article 4 Table 4 for lease or rental cargo vehicle facilities 1 parking space per staff and 1 space for each 8 vehicles stored on the premises. All access to site shall be from a County designated primary arterial road. Building designated for customer service must be located where it is easily accessible from site access point. All transactions must be conducted indoors. All vehicle storage areas must be lighted without causing spillover onto Abutting properties. On-site vehicle service must be conducted indoors and is limited to minor repairs and maintenance. Auto Sales: For new Buildings, the display of vehicles and sales transactions must be located indoors. Building disposition, configuration, and all applicable standards must meet the minimum requirements defined in Article 5. street than pump islands. Outdoor display or storage of tires is prohibited. Vehicle Rental Facilities: In addition to the parking requirements in Article 4 Table 4 for lease or rental passenger vehicle facilities there shall be 10 parking spaces provided for first 10,000 square feet of Floor Area and 1 space for each additional 500 square feet. In addition to the parking requirements in Article 4 Table 4 for lease or rental cargo vehicle facilities 1 parking space per staff and 1 space for each 8 vehicles stored on the premises. All access to site shall be from a County designated primary arterial road. Building designated for customer service must be located where it is easily accessible from site access point. All transactions must be conducted indoors. All vehicle storage areas must be lighted without causing spillover onto Abutting properties. On-site vehicle service must be conducted indoors and is limited to minor repairs and maintenance. Auto Sales: For new Buildings, the display of vehicles and sales transactions must be located indoors. Building disposition, configuration, and all applicable standards must meet the minimum requirements defined in Article 5. BOATS HOUSEBOAT HOUSE BARGE Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 196/614 T6 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted 10- 24-1991. for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted 10-24-1991. for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted 10-24-1991. BOAT HOUSE Maximum size: 20 feet

5. BOATS HOUSEBOAT HOUSE BARGE Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 196/614 T6 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted 10- 24-1991. for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted 10-24-1991. for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted 10-24-1991. BOAT HOUSE Maximum size: 20 feet wide, 40 feet long, 15 feet high. Maximum size: 20 feet wide, 40 feet long, 15 feet high. Maximum size: 20 feet wide, 40 feet long, 15 feet high. BOAT SLIP Maximum coverage of waterfront setback: 35% Maximum coverage of waterfront setback: 35% Maximum coverage of waterfront setback: 35% CHILDCARE Minimum of 35 square feet of usable indoor floor space per child on license. Minimum of 45 square feet of usable outdoor play area per child. A minimum outdoor play area shall be provided for one half of license capacity. In no event shall any outdoor play area be less than 450 square feet. The minimum standard of outdoor play area does not apply for children under one year of age. Minimum of 1 drop off parking space for every 10 children. Vehicular entrance must be within 300 feet of arterial road. Minimum of 35 square feet of usable indoor floor space per child on license. Minimum of 45 square feet of usable outdoor play area per child. A minimum outdoor play area shall be provided for one half of license capacity. In no event shall any outdoor play area be less than 450 square feet. The minimum standard of outdoor play area does not apply for children under one year of age. Minimum of 1 drop off parking space for every 10 children. Vehicular entrance must be within 300 feet of arterial road. Minimum of 35 square feet of usable indoor floor space per child on license. Minimum of 45 square feet of usable outdoor play area per child. A minimum outdoor play area shall be provided for one half of license capacity. In no event shall any outdoor play area be less than 450 square feet. The minimum standard of outdoor play area does not apply for children under one year of age. Minimum of 1 drop off parking space for every 10 children. Vehicular entrance must be within 300 feet of arterial road. CO-LIVING UNIT Each Co-Living Unit shall have a maximum of six (6) Co-Living Rooms. Each Co-Living Unit shall have a minimum of fifty (50) square feet of shared unit space per Co-Living Room including full kitchen facilities, and direct access to the outside or a common hall. A minimum of ten percent (10%) of the gross floor area of the Co-Living use shall consist of Shared Amenity Space outside Co-Living Units. Circulation corridors or

under one year of age. Minimum of 1 drop off parking space for every 10 children. Vehicular entrance must be within 300 feet of arterial road. CO-LIVING UNIT Each Co-Living Unit shall have a maximum of six (6) Co-Living Rooms. Each Co-Living Unit shall have a minimum of fifty (50) square feet of shared unit space per Co-Living Room including full kitchen facilities, and direct access to the outside or a common hall. A minimum of ten percent (10%) of the gross floor area of the Co-Living use shall consist of Shared Amenity Space outside Co-Living Units. Circulation corridors or lobbies under five hundred (500) square feet shall not be considered Shared Amenity Space. Residential amenities may be combined with Lodging amenities. Commercial uses shall not be considered Shared Amenity Space. Each Co-Living Unit shall have a maximum of six (6) Co-Living Rooms. Each Co-Living Unit shall have a minimum of fifty (50) square feet of shared unit space per Co-Living Room including full kitchen facilities, and direct access to the outside or a common hall. A minimum of ten percent (10%) of the gross floor area of the Co-Living use shall consist of Shared Amenity Space outside Co-Living Units. Circulation corridors or lobbies under five hundred (500) square feet shall not be considered Shared Amenity Space. Residential amenities may be combined with Lodging amenities. Commercial uses shall not be considered Shared Amenity Space. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 197/614 T6 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN An operational plan shall be required to include the following: All Co-Living Units within a building shall be operated and managed by one (1) centralized operator. A dedicated employee of the operating entity shall be available 24 hours a day to respond to resident needs or other issues that may arise. Said employee must be available to respond in person, if necessary. The building shall contain a registration desk and a lobby. Onsite laundry facilities shall be provided. An operational plan shall be required to include the following: All Co-Living Units within a building shall be operated and managed by one (1) centralized operator. A dedicated employee of the operating entity shall be available 24 hours a day to respond to resident needs or other issues that may arise. Said employee must be available to respond in person, if necessary. The building shall contain a registration desk and a lobby. Onsite laundry facilities shall be provided. COMMUNITY RESIDENCES 1-6-RESIDENTS Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. COMMUNITY RESIDENCES 7-14-RESIDENTS Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. COMMUNITY SUPPORT FACILITY Assisted Living Facilities: Allowed by Exception and are subject to the following additional requirements: Minimum distance requirement of 2,500 feet between proposed facility and another existing facility. Minimum distance requirement of 1,000 feet between proposed Facility and any T3 or T4 R Zone. Assisted Living Facilities: Allowed by Exception

COMMUNITY RESIDENCES 1-6-RESIDENTS Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. COMMUNITY RESIDENCES 7-14-RESIDENTS Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.2. COMMUNITY SUPPORT FACILITY Assisted Living Facilities: Allowed by Exception and are subject to the following additional requirements: Minimum distance requirement of 2,500 feet between proposed facility and another existing facility. Minimum distance requirement of 1,000 feet between proposed Facility and any T3 or T4 R Zone. Assisted Living Facilities: Allowed by Exception and are subject to the following additional requirements: Minimum distance requirement of 2,500 feet between proposed facility and another existing facility. Minimum distance requirement of 1,000 feet between proposed facility and any T3 or T4-R Zone. Assisted Living Facilities: Allowed by Exception and are subject to the following additional requirements: Minimum distance requirement of 2,500 feet between proposed facility and another existing facility. Minimum distance requirement of 1,000 feet between proposed facility and any T3 or T4-R Zone. DOCKS PIERS Extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet However, by Exception a 600 feet maximum extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay may be allowed. Extension of docks and Piers into other waterways is limited to 10 feet or 10% of the Extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet However, by Exception a 600 feet maximum extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay may be allowed. Extension of docks and Piers into other waterways is limited to 10 feet or 10% of the width of the waterway, whichever is less. However, Extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet However, by Exception a 600 feet maximum extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay may be allowed. Extension of docks and Piers into other waterways is limited to 10 feet or 10% of the width of the waterway, whichever is less. However, 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 198/614 T6 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN width of the waterway, whichever is less. However, by Exception further extension may be approved, subject to approval from all applicable agencies. Only private pleasure craft may be docked or moored on property Adjacent to T3-R, T4-R, T5-R, T6-R. Dock/ Pier setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, commercial boat ramps, and commercial hauling and fueling. by Exception further extension may be approved, subject to approval from all applicable agencies. Only private pleasure craft may be docked or moored on property Adjacent to T3-R, T4-R, T5-R, T6-R. Dock/ Pier setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, commercial boat ramps, and commercial hauling and fueling. by Exception further extension

5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, commercial boat ramps, and commercial hauling and fueling. by Exception further extension may be approved, subject to approval from all applicable agencies. Only private pleasure craft may be docked or moored on property Adjacent to T3-R, T4-R, T5-R, T6-R. Dock/ Pier setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, commercial boat ramps, and commercial hauling and fueling. by Exception further extension may be approved, subject to approval from all applicable agencies. Only private pleasure craft may be docked or moored on property Adjacent to T3-R, T4-R, T5-R, T6-R. Dock/ Pier setbacks: 10 feet from any Abutting property Vessel setback: 5 feet from any Abutting property. Prohibited uses or appurtenances: davits in excess of 3 ton capacity, commercial vessels, commercial boat ramps, and commercial hauling and fueling. DRIVE- THROUGH AND DRIVE-IN Reservoir parking spaces shall be required as follows: One (1) at service window, minimum three (3) before the service window, minimum one (1) after the service window. The above Reservoir parking spaces shall not obstruct access to parking spaces. DWELLING UNIT Micro Dwelling Unit: 275 square feet min. Only permitted within a TOD area. Permitted by Warrant. Prohibited on a Lot Abutting T3. Efficiency Dwelling Unit: 400 square feet min. One bedroom Dwelling Unit: 550 square feet min. Two bedroom Dwelling Unit: 650 square feet min. Co-Living Room: 180 square feet minimum. and 400 square feet maximum. Only permitted within the UCDB, CI-HD, NRD-1 and NRD-2 areas. Micro Dwelling Unit: 275 square feet min. Only permitted within a TOD area and NRD-1. Permitted by Warrant. Prohibited on a Lot Abutting T3. Efficiency Dwelling Unit: 400 square feet min. One bedroom Dwelling Unit: 550 square feet min. Two bedroom Dwelling Unit: 650 square feet min. Co-Living Room: 180 square feet minimum and 400 square feet maximum. Only permitted within the UCDB, CI-HD, NRD-1 and NRD-2 areas. Micro Dwelling Unit: 275 square feet min. Only permitted within a TOD area and NRD-1. Permitted by Warrant. Prohibited on a Lot Abutting T3. Efficiency Dwelling Unit: 400 square feet min. One bedroom Dwelling Unit: 550 square feet min. Two bedroom Dwelling Unit: 650 square feet min. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 199/614 T6 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN FOOD SERVICE ESTABLISHMENT Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments under 2,500 square feet of Floor Area with a valid 4COP alcohol beverage license shall require a Warrant. Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments under 2,500 square feet of Floor Area with a valid 4COP alcohol beverage license shall require a Warrant. HELICOPTER LANDING SITE Helicopter landing sites as regulated by federal and state law may be permitted by Warrant

OPEN FOOD SERVICE ESTABLISHMENT Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments under 2,500 square feet of Floor Area with a valid 4COP alcohol beverage license shall require a Warrant. Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments under 2,500 square feet of Floor Area with a valid 4COP alcohol beverage license shall require a Warrant. HELICOPTER LANDING SITE Helicopter landing sites as regulated by federal and state law may be permitted by Warrant subject to the following additional requirements: May only be used for the landing and takeoff of helicopters dropping off and picking up passengers and cargo, and may not include fueling, repair, or long term parking or storage of helicopters. Unless used for emergency operations (police, fire, and hospital) landings and takeoffs shall be restricted to Monday through Friday from 9:00 AM to 5 PM on parcels Abutting T3, T4, T5-R, and T6-R. Ground level sites shall be located away from Buildings, trees, or significant terrain features to avoid possible air turbulence. Rooftop sites shall be given priority over ground level sites in congested areas. Helicopter landing sites as regulated by federal and state law may be permitted by Warrant subject to the following additional requirements: May only be used for the landing and takeoff of helicopters dropping off and picking up passengers and cargo, and may not include fueling, repair, or long term parking or storage of helicopters. Unless used for emergency operations (police, fire, and hospital) landings and takeoffs shall be restricted to Monday through Friday from 9:00 AM to 5 PM on parcels Abutting T3, T4, T5-R, and T6-R. Ground level sites shall be located away from Buildings, trees, or significant terrain features to avoid possible air turbulence. Rooftop sites shall be given priority over ground level sites in congested areas. Helicopter landing sites as regulated by federal and state law may be permitted by Warrant subject to the following additional requirements: May only be used for the landing and takeoff of helicopters dropping off and picking up passengers and cargo, and may not include fueling, repair, or long term parking or storage of helicopters. Unless used for emergency operations (police, fire, and hospital) landings and takeoffs shall be restricted to Monday through Friday from 9:00 AM to 5 PM on parcels Abutting T3, T4, T5-R, and T6-R. Ground level sites shall be located away from Buildings, trees, or significant terrain features to avoid possible air turbulence. Rooftop sites shall be given priority over ground level sites in congested areas. HOME OFFICE Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. Maximum size of home office shall not exceed 25% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. Maximum size of home office shall not exceed 25% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records.

5 PM on parcels Abutting T3, T4, T5-R, and T6-R. Ground level sites shall be located away from Buildings, trees, or significant terrain features to avoid possible air turbulence. Rooftop sites shall be given priority over ground level sites in congested areas. HOME OFFICE Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. Maximum size of home office shall not exceed 25% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. Maximum size of home office shall not exceed 25% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Shall be located wholly within Dwelling Unit. Maximum size of home office shall not exceed 25% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 200/614 T6 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN Home Office occupations limited to individual tutoring; non- amplified individual instrument instruction; authors and composers; artists; designers; seamstresses; tailors; and uses similar in impact. Office uses, excluding medical and dental offices. Maximum of one client at a time. Maximum of two staff members, one of which must reside on premises. Hours of operation limited to Monday through Saturday 8:00 AM to 6 PM. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. Home Office occupations limited to individual tutoring; non-amplified individual instrument instruction; authors and composers; artists; designers; seamstresses; tailors; and uses similar in impact. Office uses, excluding medical and dental offices. Maximum of one client at a time. Maximum of two staff members, one of which must reside on premises. Hours of operation limited to Monday through Saturday 8:00 AM to 6 PM. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. Home Office occupations limited to individual tutoring; non-amplified individual instrument instruction; authors and composers; artists; designers; seamstresses; tailors; and uses similar in impact. Office uses, excluding medical and dental offices. Maximum of one client at a time. Maximum of two staff members, one of which must reside on premises. Hours of operation limited to Monday through Saturday 8:00 AM to 6 PM. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. INFRASTRUCTURE AND UTILITIES Wall and Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Wall and Fence heights may extend aboveten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with

the property. Certificate of Use required. INFRASTRUCTURE AND UTILITIES Wall and Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Wall and Fence heights may extend aboveten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Wall and Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall bedesigned with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. LARGE SCALE RETAIL Subject to the requirements of Section 6.3. LIVE WORK Shall be located within ground floor or Liner Units. Maximum size of work occupation shall not exceed 50% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Live Work occupations limited to those allowed in Shall be located within ground floor or Liner Units. Maximum size of work occupation shall not exceed 50% of the size of the Dwelling Unit based on county property records. Live Work occupations limited to those allowed in 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 201/614 T6 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN Transect Zone. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. Transect Zone. No equipment or process shall be used which creates undue noise, vibration, glare, fumes, or odors detectable to normal senses off the property. Certificate of Use required. OPEN AIR RETAIL Subject to the following additional requirements: Access to site must be from a major Thoroughfare. Distance separation of any Open Air Retail shall be a minimum of 75 feet measured from any property within T3, T4-R, T5-R, or T6- R Zone. Operation limited to weekends and legal holidays for a maximum of 3 consecutive days between the hours of 7:00 AM and 7:00 PM. Provision of paving striping for stalls and parking spaces. Provision of onsite restroom facilities. Subject to the following additional requirements: Access to site must be from a major Thoroughfare. Distance separation of any Open Air Retail shall be a minimum of 75 feet measured from any property within T3, T4-R, T5-R, or T6- R Zone. Operation limited to weekends and legal holidays for a maximum of 3 consecutive days between the hours of 7:00 AM and 7:00 PM. Provision of paving striping for stalls and parking spaces. Provision of onsite restroom facilities. PERSONAL WIRELESS SERVICE FACILITY Subject to the requirements of Section

paving striping for stalls and parking spaces. Provision of onsite restroom facilities. Subject to the following additional requirements: Access to site must be from a major Thoroughfare. Distance separation of any Open Air Retail shall be a minimum of 75 feet measured from any property within T3, T4-R, T5-R, or T6- R Zone. Operation limited to weekends and legal holidays for a maximum of 3 consecutive days between the hours of 7:00 AM and 7:00 PM. Provision of paving striping for stalls and parking spaces. Provision of onsite restroom facilities. PERSONAL WIRELESS SERVICE FACILITY Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. PUBLIC STORAGE FACILITY REGIONAL ACTIVITY COMPLEX Regional Activity Complex: Allowed by Exception with City Commission approval and are subject to the following additional requirements: Regional Activity Complexes are not allowed in Transect Zones T6-8 and T6-12. Minimum distance requirement of 1,000 feet between proposed facility and any T3 or T4 Zones. Transect regulations pertaining to Building Disposition, and Building Configuration shall be considered referential guidelines for Regional 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 202/614 Table 13: C - CIVIC T6 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN Activity Complexes. Any exemption from these guidelines must comply with the following criteria: 1. exemptions shall be justified by functional requirements connected to the uses proposed; and 2. exemptions shall be reduced to the minimum required to achieve the required functionality; and 3. exemptions in the aggregate shall be evaluated for compliance with the Transect’s intent regarding intensity and scale; and 4. exemptions shall be evaluated for compliance with criteria set forth in Article 4, Table 12, as applicable; and 5. specific findings shall be made by the Planning Director regarding the nature and extent of each proposed exemption and said findings shall be contained in the recommendation report for the Exception which ma be considered as substantial and competent evidence b the PZAB and City Commission respectively. C CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT DENSITY (UPA) N/A DENSITY OF ABUTTING ZONE 150 UNITS PER ACRE BOATS HOUSEBOAT HOUSE BARGE Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted October 24, 1991. Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted October 24, 1991. Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted October 24, 1991. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 203/614 C CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT DOCKS PIERS Extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet. However, by Exception a 600 feet maximum extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay may be allowed. Extension of docks and Piers into other

specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted October 24, 1991. Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted October 24, 1991. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 203/614 C CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT DOCKS PIERS Extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet. However, by Exception a 600 feet maximum extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay may be allowed. Extension of docks and Piers into other waterways is limited to 10 feet or 10% of the width of the waterway, whichever is less. However, by Exception further extension may be approved, subject to approval from all applicable agencies. Extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet. However, by Exception a 600 feet maximum extension of docks and piers into Biscayne Bay may be allowed. Extension of docks and Piers into other waterways is limited to 10 feet or 10% of the width of the waterway, whichever is less. However, by Exception further extension may be approved, subject to approval from all applicable agencies. Extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet. However, by Exception a 600 feet maximum extension of docks and piers into Biscayne Bay may be allowed. Extension of docks and Piers into other waterways is limited to 10 feet or 10% of the width of the waterway, whichever is less. However, by Exception further extension may be approved, subject to approval from all applicable agencies. OPEN AIR RETAIL Subject to the following additional requirements: Access to site must be from a major Thoroughfare. Distance separation of any open air retail shall be a minimum of 75 feet measured from any property within T3, T4-R, T5-R, or T6-R Zone. Operation limited to weekends and legal holidays for a maximum of 3 consecutive days between the hours of 7:00 AM and 7:00 PM. Provision of paving striping for stalls and parking spaces. Provision of on-site restroom facilities. Subject to the following additional requirements: Access to site must be from a major Thoroughfare. Distance separation of any Open Air Retail shall be a minimum of 75 feet measured from any property within T3, T4-R, T5-R, or T6-R Zone. Operation limited to weekends and legal holidays for a maximum of 3 consecutive days between the hours of 7:00 AM and 7:00 PM. Provision of paving striping for stalls and parking spaces. Provision of on-site restroom facilities. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.3.4 ADULT DAYCARE For 6 to 9 adults: Minimum of 350 square feet of indoor activity area. For 10 or more adults: Minimum of 35 square feet of indoor activity area per adult. For 6 to 9 adults: Minimum of 350 square feet of indoor activity area. For 10 or more adults: Minimum of 35 square feet of indoor activity area per adult. COMMUNITY SUPPORT

a maximum of 3 consecutive days between the hours of 7:00 AM and 7:00 PM. Provision of paving striping for stalls and parking spaces. Provision of on-site restroom facilities. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.3.4 ADULT DAYCARE For 6 to 9 adults: Minimum of 350 square feet of indoor activity area. For 10 or more adults: Minimum of 35 square feet of indoor activity area per adult. For 6 to 9 adults: Minimum of 350 square feet of indoor activity area. For 10 or more adults: Minimum of 35 square feet of indoor activity area per adult. COMMUNITY SUPPORT FACILITY Assisted Living Facilities: Allowed by Exception and are subject to the following additional requirements: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 204/614 C CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT Minimum distance requirement of 2,500 feet between proposed facility and another existing facility. Minimum distance requirement of 1000 feet between proposed facility and any T3 or T4-R Zone. PERSONAL WIRELESS SERVICE FACILITY Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. HELICOPTER LANDING SITE Helicopter landing sites as regulated by federal and state law may be permitted by Warrant subject to the following additional requirements: May only be used for the landing and takeoff of helicopters dropping off and picking up passengers and cargo, and may not include fueling, repair, or long term parking or storage of helicopters. Unless used for emergency operations (police, fire, and hospital) landings and takeoffs shall be restricted to Monday through Friday from 9:00 AM to 5 PM on parcels Abutting T3, T4, T5-R, and T6-R Zones. Ground level sites shall be located away from Buildings, trees, or significant terrain features to avoid possible air turbulence. Rooftop sites shall be given priority over ground level sites in congested areas. Helicopter landing sites as regulated by federal and state law may be permitted by Warrant subject to the following additional requirements: May only be used for the landing and takeoff of helicopters dropping off and picking up passengers and cargo, and may not include fueling, repair, or long term parking or storage of helicopters. Unless used for emergency operations (police, fire, and hospital) landings and takeoffs shall be restricted to Monday through Friday from 9:00 AM to 5 PM on parcels Abutting T3, T4, T5- R, and T6-R Zones. Ground level sites shall be located away from Buildings, trees, or significant terrain features to avoid possible air turbulence. Rooftop sites shall be given priority over ground level sites in congested areas. Helicopter landing sites as regulated by federal and state law may be permitted by Warrant subject to the following additional requirements: May only be used for the landing and takeoff of helicopters dropping off and picking up passengers and cargo, and may not include fueling, repair, or long term parking or storage of helicopters. Unless used for emergency operations (police, fire, and hospital) landings and takeoffs shall

Zones. Ground level sites shall be located away from Buildings, trees, or significant terrain features to avoid possible air turbulence. Rooftop sites shall be given priority over ground level sites in congested areas. Helicopter landing sites as regulated by federal and state law may be permitted by Warrant subject to the following additional requirements: May only be used for the landing and takeoff of helicopters dropping off and picking up passengers and cargo, and may not include fueling, repair, or long term parking or storage of helicopters. Unless used for emergency operations (police, fire, and hospital) landings and takeoffs shall be restricted to Monday through Friday from 9:00 AM to 5 PM on parcels Abutting T3, T4, T5-R, and T6-R Zones. Ground level sites shall be located away from Buildings, trees, or significant terrain features to avoid possible air turbulence. Rooftop sites shall be given priority over ground level sites in congested areas. CHILDCARE Minimum of 35 square feet of usable indoor floor space per child on license. Minimum of 45 square feet of usable Minimum of 35 square feet of usable indoor floor space per child on license. Minimum of 45 square feet of usable outdoor play area Minimum of 35 square feet of usable indoor floor space per child on license. Minimum of 45 square feet of usable outdoor play area 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 205/614 C CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT outdoor play area per child. A minimum outdoor play area shall be provided for one half of license capacity. In no event shall any outdoor play area be less than 450 square feet. The minimum standard of outdoor play area does not apply for children under one year of age. per child. A minimum outdoor play area shall be provided for one half of license capacity. In no event shall any outdoor play area be less than 450 square feet. The minimum standard of outdoor play area does not apply for children under one year of age. Vehicular entrance must be within 300 feet of arterial road. per child. A minimum outdoor play area shall be provided for one half of license capacity. In no event shall any outdoor play area be less than 450 square feet. The minimum standard of outdoor play area does not apply for children under one year of age. Vehicular entrance must be within 300 feet of arterial road. CO-LIVING Each Co-Living Unit shall have a minimum of fifty (50) square feet of shared unit space per Co-Living Room including full kitchen facilities and direct access to the outside or a common hall. A minimum of ten percent (10%) of the gross floor area of the Co-Living use shall consist of Shared Amenity Space outside Co-Living Units. Circulation corridors or lobbies under five hundred (500) square feet shall not be considered Shared Amenity Space. Residential amenities may be combined with Lodging amenities. Commercial uses shall not be considered Shared Amenity Space.

must be within 300 feet of arterial road. CO-LIVING Each Co-Living Unit shall have a minimum of fifty (50) square feet of shared unit space per Co-Living Room including full kitchen facilities and direct access to the outside or a common hall. A minimum of ten percent (10%) of the gross floor area of the Co-Living use shall consist of Shared Amenity Space outside Co-Living Units. Circulation corridors or lobbies under five hundred (500) square feet shall not be considered Shared Amenity Space. Residential amenities may be combined with Lodging amenities. Commercial uses shall not be considered Shared Amenity Space. An operational plan shall be required to include the following: All Co-Living Units within a building shall be operated and managed by one centralized operator. A dedicated employee of the operating entity shall be available 24 hours a day to respond to resident needs or other issues that may arise. Said employee must be available to respond in person, if necessary. The building shall contain a registration desk and a lobby. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 206/614 C CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT Onsite laundry facilities shall be provided. MAJOR SPORTS FACILITY Modifications in Setbacks up to a maximum of fifty percent (50%) of the required Setbacks may be approved by Waiver when Liner Uses are provided along parking Structures. Commercial Uses may exceed twenty-five percent (25%) of the Building area by Warrant. REGIONAL ACTIVITY COMPLEX Regional Activity Complex: Allowed by Exception with City Commission approval and are subject to the following additional requirements: Regional Activity Complexes are not allowed in Transect Zones T6-8 and T6-12. Minimum distance requirement of 1,000 feet between proposed facility and any T3 or T4 Zones. Transect regulations pertaining to Building Disposition, and Building Configuration shall be considered referential guidelines for Regional Activity Complexes. Any exemption from these guidelines must comply with the following criteria: 1. exemptions shall be justified by functional requirements connected to the uses proposed; and 2. exemptions shall be reduced to the minimum required to achieve the required functionality; and 3. exemptions in the aggregate shall be evaluated for compliance with the Transect’s intent regarding intensity and scale; and 4. exemptions shall be evaluated for responsiveness to criteria Regional Activity Complex: Allowed by Exception with City Commission approval and are subject to the following additional requirements: Regional Activity Complexes are not allowed in Transect Zones T6-8 and T6-12. Minimum distance requirement of 1,000 feet between proposed facility and any T3 or T4 Zones. Transect regulations pertaining to Building Disposition, and Building Configuration shall be considered referential guidelines for Regional Activity Complexes. Any exemption from these guidelines must comply with the following criteria: 1. exemptions shall be ‘ustified b functional requirements connected to the uses proposed; and 2. exemptions shall be reduced to the minimum required to achieve the required functionality; and 3, exemptions in the aggregate shall be evaluated for compliance with the Transect’s intent regarding intensity and scale; and 4. exemptions

in Transect Zones T6-8 and T6-12. Minimum distance requirement of 1,000 feet between proposed facility and any T3 or T4 Zones. Transect regulations pertaining to Building Disposition, and Building Configuration shall be considered referential guidelines for Regional Activity Complexes. Any exemption from these guidelines must comply with the following criteria: 1. exemptions shall be ‘ustified b functional requirements connected to the uses proposed; and 2. exemptions shall be reduced to the minimum required to achieve the required functionality; and 3, exemptions in the aggregate shall be evaluated for compliance with the Transect’s intent regarding intensity and scale; and 4. exemptions shall be evaluated for compliance with criteria set forth in 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 207/614 Table 13: D - DISTRICT C CS – CIVIC SPACE CI – CIVIC INSTITUTION CI-HD – CIVIC INSTITUTION HEALTH DISTRICT set forth in Article 4, Table 12, as applicable; and 5. specific findings shall be made by the Planning Director regarding the nature and extent of each proposed exemption and said findings shall be contained in the recommendation report for the Exception which may be considered as substantial and competent evidence by the PZAB and City Commission respectively. Article 4, Table 12, as applicable; and 5. specific findings shall be made by the Planning Director regarding the nature and extent of each proposed exemption and said findings shall be contained in the recommendation report for the Exception which may be considered as substantial and competent evidence by the PZAB and City Commission respectively. INFRASTRUCTURE AND UTILITIES Wall and Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Wall and Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Wall and Fence heights may extend aboveten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. D D1 - WORKPLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL DENSITY (UPA) 36 UNITS PER ACRE DENSITY OF LOWEST ABUTTING ZONE NEAREST TO SUBJECT PROPERTY NOT TO EXCEED 65 DWELLING UNITS PER ACRE DENSITY OF LOWEST ABUTTING ZONE NEAREST TO SUBJECT PROPERTY NOT TO EXCEED 65 DWELLING UNITS PER ACRE BOATS HOUSEBOAT HOUSE BARGE Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted October

treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. D D1 - WORKPLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL DENSITY (UPA) 36 UNITS PER ACRE DENSITY OF LOWEST ABUTTING ZONE NEAREST TO SUBJECT PROPERTY NOT TO EXCEED 65 DWELLING UNITS PER ACRE DENSITY OF LOWEST ABUTTING ZONE NEAREST TO SUBJECT PROPERTY NOT TO EXCEED 65 DWELLING UNITS PER ACRE BOATS HOUSEBOAT HOUSE BARGE Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted October 24, 1991. Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted October 24, 1991. Occupancy of private pleasure crafts and houseboats or house barges shall not be allowed except for those specifically grandfathered and regulated by Ordinance #10932, adopted October 24, 1991. DOCKS PIERS Extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet. However, by Exception a 600 feet Extension docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet. However, by Exception a 600 feet Extension docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay are limited to 35 feet. However, by Exception 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 208/614 D D1 - WORKPLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL maximum extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay may be allowed. Extension of docks and Piers into other waterways is limited to 10 feet or 10% of the width of the waterway, whichever is less. However, by Exception further extension may be approved, subject to approval from all applicable agencies. maximum extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay may be allowed. Extension of docks and Piers into other waterways is limited to 10 feet or 10% of the width of the waterway, whichever is less. However, by Exception further extension may be approved, subject to approval from all applicable agencies. a 600 feet maximum extension of docks and Piers into Biscayne Bay may be allowed. Extension of docks and Piers into other waterways is limited to 10 feet or 10% of the width of the waterway, whichever is less. However, by Exception further extension may be approved, subject to approval from all applicable agencies. WORK LIVE Maximum size of Dwelling shall not exceed 50% of the size of the Structure based on the total size of the Structure. Certificate of Use required. AUTO RELATED INDUSTRIAL Car Wash: Self-service, semiautomatic, and automatic dragline shall provide for each of the first 3 wash stalls, 3 parking reservoir spaces before and 3 after. Beyond 3 stalls, 1 parking reservoir spaces before and 2 after each stall. Custom hand car wash shall provide for each wash stall, 1 parking reservoir space before each stall and 1 after, and 5 additional parking spaces. Gas Stations: Principal Frontage Access may be allowed. Frontage requirement may be reduced maximum 30% by Waiver. Building Facade may be

Structure based on the total size of the Structure. Certificate of Use required. AUTO RELATED INDUSTRIAL Car Wash: Self-service, semiautomatic, and automatic dragline shall provide for each of the first 3 wash stalls, 3 parking reservoir spaces before and 3 after. Beyond 3 stalls, 1 parking reservoir spaces before and 2 after each stall. Custom hand car wash shall provide for each wash stall, 1 parking reservoir space before each stall and 1 after, and 5 additional parking spaces. Gas Stations: Principal Frontage Access may be allowed. Frontage requirement may be reduced maximum 30% by Waiver. Building Facade may be a colonnade. All vending machines shall be located indoors. Trash facilities shall be completely enclosed and shielded from Primary Frontages. Only vehicles awaiting service, permitted rental vehicles and staff vehicles parked while working shall be allowed. All repairs, change of tires, Car Wash: Self-service, semiautomatic, and automatic dragline shall provide for each of the first 3 wash stalls, 3 parking reservoir spaces before and 3 after. Beyond 3 stalls, 1 parking reservoir space before and 2 after each stall. Custom hand car wash shall provide for each wash stall, 1 parking reservoir space before each stall and 1 after, and 5 additional parking spaces. Gas Stations: Principal Frontage Access may be allowed. Frontage requirement may be reduced maximum 30% by Waiver. Building Facade may be a colonnade. All vending machines shall be located indoors. Trash facilities shall be completely enclosed and shielded from Primary Frontages. Only vehicles awaiting service, permitted rental vehicles and staff vehicles parked while working shall be allowed. All repairs, change of tires, Car Wash: Self-service, semiautomatic, and automatic dragline shall provide for each of the first 3 wash stalls, 3 parking reservoir spaces before and 3 after. Beyond 3 stalls, 1 parking reservoir space before and 2 after each stall. Custom hand car wash shall provide for each wash stall, 1 parking reservoir space before each stall and 1 after, and 5 additional parking spaces. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 209/614 D D1 - WORKPLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL greasing/lubricating shall be conducted within building. Outdoor display of products incidental to normal refueling is prohibited closer to the street than pump islands. Outdoor display or storage of tires is prohibited. Vehicle Rental Facilities: In addition to the parking requirements in Article 4 Table 4 for lease or rental passenger vehicle facilities there shall be 10 parking spaces provided for first 10,000 square feet of Floor Area and 1 space for each additional 500 square feet. In addition to the parking requirements in Article 4 Table 4 for lease or rental cargo vehicle facilities 1 parking space per staff and 1 space for each 8 vehicles stored on the premises. All access to site must be from a County designated primary arterial road. Building designated for customer service must be located where it is easily accessible from site access point. All transactions must be conducted indoors. All vehicle storage areas must be lighted without

be 10 parking spaces provided for first 10,000 square feet of Floor Area and 1 space for each additional 500 square feet. In addition to the parking requirements in Article 4 Table 4 for lease or rental cargo vehicle facilities 1 parking space per staff and 1 space for each 8 vehicles stored on the premises. All access to site must be from a County designated primary arterial road. Building designated for customer service must be located where it is easily accessible from site access point. All transactions must be conducted indoors. All vehicle storage areas must be lighted without causing spillover onto Abutting properties. On-site vehicle service must be conducted indoors and is limited to minor repairs and maintenance. greasing/lubricating shall be conducted within building. Outdoor display of products incidental to normal refueling is prohibited closer to the street than pump islands. Outdoor display or storage of tires is prohibited. Vehicle Rental Facilities: In addition to the parking requirements in Article 4 Table 4 for lease or rental passenger vehicle facilities there shall be 10 parking spaces provided for first 10,000 square feet of Floor Area and 1 space for each additional 500 square feet. In addition to the parking requirements in Article 4 Table 4 for lease or rental cargo vehicle facilities 1 parking space per staff and 1 space for each 8 vehicles stored on the premises. All access to site must be from a County designated primary arterial road. Building designated for customer service must be located where it is easily accessible from site access point. All transactions must be conducted indoors. All vehicle storage areas must be lighted without causing spillover onto Abutting properties. On-site vehicle service must be conducted indoors and is limited to minor repairs and maintenance. ADULT ENTERTAINMENT ESTABLISHMENT A minimum distance of 1,000 feet shall be required from any public park, school, or property zoned for Residential Use; including such public park or school properties outside City limits or properties zoned residential by the external jurisdiction. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 210/614 D D1 - WORKPLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL The distance shall be measured from the front door of the proposed Adult Entertainment Establishment to the closest property line of the protected Use. Any application shall be accompanied by a survey certified by a land surveyor registered in the State of Florida showing compliance with all minimum distance requirements. Discontinued or abandoned Adult Entertainment Establishments may not resume the use until all requirements of this Code and the City Code are met. No Variances shall be permitted. DRIVE-THROUGH AND DRIVE-IN Reservoir parking spaces shall be required as follows: Minimum reservoir parking spaces required shall be 1 space at the service window, 3 spaces before service window, and 1 space after service window. The above Reservoir parking spaces shall not obstruct access to parking spaces. May be allowed by Warrant subject to the requirements of Article 6, Section 6.3. Reservoir parking spaces shall be required as follows: Minimum

distance requirements. Discontinued or abandoned Adult Entertainment Establishments may not resume the use until all requirements of this Code and the City Code are met. No Variances shall be permitted. DRIVE-THROUGH AND DRIVE-IN Reservoir parking spaces shall be required as follows: Minimum reservoir parking spaces required shall be 1 space at the service window, 3 spaces before service window, and 1 space after service window. The above Reservoir parking spaces shall not obstruct access to parking spaces. May be allowed by Warrant subject to the requirements of Article 6, Section 6.3. Reservoir parking spaces shall be required as follows: Minimum reservoir parking spaces required shall be 1 space at the service window, 3 spaces before service window, and 1 space after service window. The above Reservoir parking spaces shall not obstruct access to parking spaces. May be allowed by Warrant subject to the requirements of Article 6, Section 6.3. Reservoir parking spaces shall be required as follows: Minimum reservoir parking spaces required shall be 1 space at the service window, 3 spaces before service window, and 1 space after service window. The above Reservoir parking spaces shall not obstruct access to parking spaces. LARGE SCALE RETAIL Subject to the requirements of Section 6.3. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.3. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.3. OPEN AIR RETAIL Access to site must be from a major Thoroughfare. Distance separation of any Open Air Retail shall be a minimum of 75 feet measured from any property within T3, T4-R, T5-R, or T6- R Zones. Provision of paving striping for stalls and parking spaces. Access to site must be from a major Thoroughfare. Distance separation of any Open Air Retail shall be a minimum of 75 feet measured from any property within T3, T4-R, T5-R, or T6- R Zones. Provision of paving striping for stalls and parking spaces. Access to site must be from a major Thoroughfare. Distance separation of any Open Air Retail shall be a minimum of 75 feet measured from any property within T3, T4- R, T5-R, or T6-R Zones. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 211/614 D D1 - WORKPLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL Provision of on-site restroom facilities. Provision of on-site restroom facilities. Provision of paving striping for stalls and parking spaces. Provision of on-site restroom facilities. ADULT DAYCARE For 6 to 9 adults: Minimum of 350 square feet of indoor activity area. For 10 or more adults: Minimum of 35 square feet of indoor activity area per adult. For 6 to 9 adults: Minimum of 350 square feet of indoor activity area. For 10 or more adults: Minimum of 35 square feet of indoor activity area per adult. For 6 to 9 adults: Minimum of 350 square feet of indoor activity area. For 10 or more adults: Minimum of 35 square feet of indoor activity area per adult. COMMUNITY SUPPORT FACILITY Community Residences and similar Home/Facilities not allowed. Assisted Living Facilities meeting Community Support Facility thresholds in Section 6.2 are allowed by

For 10 or more adults: Minimum of 35 square feet of indoor activity area per adult. For 6 to 9 adults: Minimum of 350 square feet of indoor activity area. For 10 or more adults: Minimum of 35 square feet of indoor activity area per adult. For 6 to 9 adults: Minimum of 350 square feet of indoor activity area. For 10 or more adults: Minimum of 35 square feet of indoor activity area per adult. COMMUNITY SUPPORT FACILITY Community Residences and similar Home/Facilities not allowed. Assisted Living Facilities meeting Community Support Facility thresholds in Section 6.2 are allowed by Warrant and are subject to the following additional requirements: Each room shall not have more than two (2) residents. Minimum distance requirement of 3,000 feet between proposed facility and another existing facility. Residential Facilities not allowed. Residential Facilities not allowed. PERSONAL WIRELESS SERVICE FACILITY Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. Subject to the requirements of Section 6.4. HELICOPTER LANDING SITE Helicopter landing sites as regulated by federal and state law may be permitted by Warrant subject to the following additional requirements: May only be used for the landing and takeoff of helicopters dropping off and picking up passengers and cargo, and may not include fueling, repair, or long term parking or storage of helicopters. Unless used for emergency operations (police, fire, and hospital) landings and takeoffs shall be restricted to Helicopter landing sites as regulated by federal and state law may be permitted by Warrant subject to the following additional requirements: May only be used for the landing and takeoff of helicopters dropping off and picking up passengers and cargo, and may not include fueling, repair, or long term parking or storage of helicopters. Unless used for emergency operations (police, fire, and hospital) landings and takeoffs shall be restricted to Helicopter landing sites as regulated by federal and state law may be permitted by Warrant subject to the following additional requirements: May only be used for the landing and takeoff of helicopters dropping off and picking up passengers and cargo, and may not include fueling, repair, or long term parking or storage of helicopters. Unless used for emergency operations (police, fire, and 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 212/614 D D1 - WORKPLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL Monday through Friday from 9:00 AM to 5 PM on parcels Abutting T3, T4, T5-R, and T6-R Zones. Ground level sites shall be located away from Buildings, trees, or significant terrain features to avoid possible air turbulence. Rooftop sites shall be given priority over ground level sites in congested areas. Monday through Friday from 9:00 AM to 5 PM on parcels Abutting T3, T4, T5-R, and T6-R. Ground level sites shall be located away from Buildings, trees, or significant terrain features to avoid possible air turbulence. Rooftop sites shall be given priority over ground level sites in congested areas. hospital) landings and takeoffs shall be restricted to Monday through Friday from 9:00 AM

T4, T5-R, and T6-R Zones. Ground level sites shall be located away from Buildings, trees, or significant terrain features to avoid possible air turbulence. Rooftop sites shall be given priority over ground level sites in congested areas. Monday through Friday from 9:00 AM to 5 PM on parcels Abutting T3, T4, T5-R, and T6-R. Ground level sites shall be located away from Buildings, trees, or significant terrain features to avoid possible air turbulence. Rooftop sites shall be given priority over ground level sites in congested areas. hospital) landings and takeoffs shall be restricted to Monday through Friday from 9:00 AM to 5 PM on parcels Abutting T3, T4, T5-R, and T6-R. Ground level sites shall be located away from Buildings, trees, or significant terrain features to avoid possible air turbulence. Rooftop sites shall be given priority over ground level sites in congested areas. CHILDCARE Minimum of 35 square feet of usable indoor floor space per child on license. Minimum of 45 square feet of usable outdoor play area per child. A minimum outdoor play area shall be provided for one half of license capacity. In no event shall any outdoor play area be less than 450 square feet. The minimum standard of outdoor play area does not apply for children under one year of age. Vehicular entrance must be within 300 feet of arterial road. CO-LIVING Each Co-Living Unit shall have a minimum of fifty (50) square feet of shared unit space per Co-Living Room including full kitchen facilities and direct access to the outside or a common hall. A minimum of ten percent (10%) of the gross floor area of the Co-Living use shall consist of Shared Amenity Space outside Co-Living Units. Circulation corridors or lobbies under five hundred (500) square feet shall not be considered Shared Amenity 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 213/614 D D1 - WORKPLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL Space. Residential amenities may be combined with Lodging amenities. Commercial uses shall not be considered Shared Amenity Space. An operational plan shall be required to include the following: All Co-Living Units within a building shall be operated and managed by one centralized operator. A dedicated employee of the operating entity shall be available 24 hours a day to respond to resident needs or other issues that may arise. Said employee must be available to respond in person, if necessary. The building shall contain a registration desk and a lobby. Onsite laundry facilities shall be provided. INDUSTRIAL USES It is intended that the provision of Industrial Products and Services be permissible, as appropriate, within the D1 Zone. The D1 Zone allows limited Residential Uses and is generally intended to contain light industrial Uses. The D1 Zone generally allows Industrial, Commercial and Office activities which serve the needs of other businesses, may require extensive loading facilities and often benefit from proximity to Industrial areas. This Zone also includes the following Uses: wholesaling, warehousing, light assemblage and distribution and minor repairs and fabrication of materials and equipment.

registration desk and a lobby. Onsite laundry facilities shall be provided. INDUSTRIAL USES It is intended that the provision of Industrial Products and Services be permissible, as appropriate, within the D1 Zone. The D1 Zone allows limited Residential Uses and is generally intended to contain light industrial Uses. The D1 Zone generally allows Industrial, Commercial and Office activities which serve the needs of other businesses, may require extensive loading facilities and often benefit from proximity to Industrial areas. This Zone also includes the following Uses: wholesaling, warehousing, light assemblage and distribution and minor repairs and fabrication of materials and equipment. Residential Use is limited. This type of Zone specifically excludes the following activities: It is intended that the provision of Industrial Products and Services be permissible within the D2 Zone. The heavier Industrial Uses are limited to the D2 Zone. Concrete Batching Plants may be allowed by Warrant and subject to the requirements of Section 6.5.1. It is intended that the provision of Industrial Products and Services be permissible within the D3 Zone. The heavier Industrial Uses are limited to the D2 Zone. The D3 Zone allows all Industrial activities such as manufacturing, processing, assembly, auto-related and storage activities and restricts activities generating adverse impacts such as such as excessive amounts of noise, fumes, illumination and hazardous wastes. This Zone shall generally be located where directly served by major transportation facilities and shall be buffered from Residential areas. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 214/614 D D1 - WORKPLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL • Any uses that involve the manufacturing processing generation or storage of materials that constitute a physical or health hazard in quantities in excess of those found in the Florida Building Code, Section 307 – High- Hazard Group H. CREW QUARTERS Crew Quarters shall be reviewed by process of Warrant. The proposed Crew Quarters shall receive comments from the Miami River Commission prior to Warrant Final Decision. Crew Quarters shall be reviewed by process of Warrant. The proposed Crew Quarters shall receive comments from the Miami River Commission prior to Warrant Final Decision. Crew Quarters shall be reviewed by process of Warrant. The proposed Crew Quarters shall receive comments from the Miami River Commission prior to Warrant Final Decision. CONTAINER YARDS Container yards and any facilities for the outdoor storage, stacking and processing of containers intended for shipment. Permissible only by Exception. • No more than 3 containers shall be stacked vertically • A 10 to 15 foot high wall Setback a minimum of 10 feet from the Property Line must surround the property. • All Setback yards must be appropriately landscaped. • Security floodlights must be shielded or deflected from surrounding Residential neighborhoods so as to prevent light spillover. • All crane operations are limited to daylight hours between 8:00 am and 6:00 pm. • Appropriate measures are required to minimize any adverse effect of use including noise generation; dust; vibrations; street capacity and maneuverability; traffic and negative visual impact. Container yards and any

than 3 containers shall be stacked vertically • A 10 to 15 foot high wall Setback a minimum of 10 feet from the Property Line must surround the property. • All Setback yards must be appropriately landscaped. • Security floodlights must be shielded or deflected from surrounding Residential neighborhoods so as to prevent light spillover. • All crane operations are limited to daylight hours between 8:00 am and 6:00 pm. • Appropriate measures are required to minimize any adverse effect of use including noise generation; dust; vibrations; street capacity and maneuverability; traffic and negative visual impact. Container yards and any facilities for the outdoor storage, stacking and processing of containers intended for shipment. Permissible only by Exception. • No more than 3 containers shall be stacked vertically • A 10 to 15 foot high wall Setback a minimum of 10 feet from the Property Line must surround the property. • All Setback yards must be appropriately landscaped. • Security floodlights must be shielded or deflected from surrounding Residential neighborhoods so as to prevent light spillover. • All crane operations are limited to daylight hours between 8:00 am and 6:00 pm. • Appropriate measures are required to minimize any adverse effect of use including noise generation; dust; vibrations; street capacity and maneuverability; traffic and negative visual impact. Container yards and any facilities for the outdoor storage, stacking and processing of containers intended for shipment. Permissible only by Exception. • No more than 3 containers shall be stacked vertically • A 10 to 15 foot high wall Setback a minimum of 10 feet from the Property Line must surround the property. • All Setback yards must be appropriately landscaped. • Security floodlights must be shielded or deflected from surrounding Residential neighborhoods so as to prevent light spillover. • All crane operations are limited to daylight hours between 8:00 am and 6:00 pm. • Appropriate measures are required to minimize any adverse effect of use including noise generation; dust; vibrations; street capacity and maneuverability; traffic 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 215/614 D D1 - WORKPLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL and negative visual impact. FOOD SERVICE ESTABLISHMENT Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments under 2,500 square feet of Floor Area with a valid 4COP alcohol beverage license shall require a Warrant. Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments under 2,500 square feet of Floor Area with a valid 4COP alcohol beverage license shall require a Warrant. ALCOHOL SERVICE ESTABLISHMENT Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments occupying more than 5,000 square feet of Floor Area shall require an Exception with approval by the City Commission. Establishments located within an Entertainment District as defined within Section 4-9 of the City Code shall not be subject to an Exception permit.

beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments under 2,500 square feet of Floor Area with a valid 4COP alcohol beverage license shall require a Warrant. ALCOHOL SERVICE ESTABLISHMENT Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments occupying more than 5,000 square feet of Floor Area shall require an Exception with approval by the City Commission. Establishments located within an Entertainment District as defined within Section 4-9 of the City Code shall not be subject to an Exception permit. Establishments with a valid alcohol beverage license shall be subject to Chapter 4 of the City Code, entitled “Alcoholic Beverages.” Establishments occupying more than 5,000 square feet of Floor Area shall require an Exception with approval by the City Commission. Establishments located within an Entertainment District as defined within Section 4-9 of the City Code shall not be subject to an Exception permit. PUBLIC STORAGE FACILITY Allowed By Warrant and subject to the following additional requirements: Minimum distance requirement of 2,500 feet radius between proposed facility and another exisiting facility. Waiver for reduction in distance requirement is not permissible. Shall have ground floor retail, manufacturer-enabled retail, or industrial uses along principal frontage. A minimum of 50% of the proposed ground floor uses Allowed By Warrant and subject to the following additional requirements: Minimum distance requirement of 2,500 feet radius between proposed facility and another exisiting facility. Waiver for reduction in distance requirement is not permissible. Shall have ground floor retail, manufacturer-enabled retail, or industrial uses along principal frontage. A minimum of 50% of the proposed ground floor uses 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 216/614 D D1 - WORKPLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL shall be unrelated to the Public Storage Facility. Shall be referred to the Urban Development Review Board (UDRB). Provide bulk waste disposal on-site available to clients, subject to review by the Solid Waste Director or designee. Facility may be liable for illigal dumping if proven that illigal dumping originated from the specific Public Storage Facility within a one (1) mile radius of the facility. shall be unrelated to the Public Storage Facility. Shall be referred to the Urban Development Review Board (UDRB). Provide bulk waste disposal on-site available to clients, subject to review by the Solid Waste Director or designee. Facility may be liable for illigal dumping if proven that illigal dumping originated from the specific Public Storage Facility within a one (1) mile radius of the facility. LODGING Hotels are allowed by Right in the D1 Zone except for properties identified in Appendix PA-1 of the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, then such Hotel Uses are allowed only if the properties are located on the north side of the Lower River and approved by Warrant. Lodging Uses are permissible by Exception with City Commission approval subject to review pursuant to Article 4, Table 12 of this Code and compliance with the following: A recorded covenant

illigal dumping if proven that illigal dumping originated from the specific Public Storage Facility within a one (1) mile radius of the facility. LODGING Hotels are allowed by Right in the D1 Zone except for properties identified in Appendix PA-1 of the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, then such Hotel Uses are allowed only if the properties are located on the north side of the Lower River and approved by Warrant. Lodging Uses are permissible by Exception with City Commission approval subject to review pursuant to Article 4, Table 12 of this Code and compliance with the following: A recorded covenant with the City acknowledging that the zoning of the property is Industrial; that the Lodging Use has been introduced into the pre-existing Industrial District Zone; and the Owner assumes risks associated with introducing a Lodging Use into such a District. Lodging Uses are permissible by Exception with City Commission approval subject to review pursuant to Article 4, Table 12 of this Code and compliance with the following: 1. A recorded covenant with the City acknowledging that the zoning of the property is Industrial; that the Lodging Use has been introduced into the pre- existing Industrial District Zone; and the Owner assumes risks associated with introducing a Lodging Use into such a District as well as acknowledging and accepting the presence of the existing Working Waterfront 24-hour operations as permitted. 2. Lodging Uses in the D3 Transect Zone are limited to the north side of the area known as the “Lower River” as established in the Miami River Corridor Infill Plan and Miami 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 217/614 6.2 COMMUNITY RESIDENCES AND SIMILAR HOMES/FACILITIES The purpose of a Community Residence is to integrate its residents into the community; over concentration of such facilities within a Neighborhood causes the area to lose its character, thereby defeating the purpose of locating Community Residences in the Neighborhood. A Zoning verification shall be required in order to confirm State established distance requirements outlined in this section. All such facilities shall be required to provide a signed and sealed survey to the Office of Zoning which demonstrates that the distance limitations required below pursuant to state statutes are met. Failure to comply with this requirement will deem the facility in non-compliance with state and City regulations. To the extent applicable by state law, location of a facility may be denied if it results in an over concentration of Community Residences in proximity to the site selected such that the nature and character of the Neighborhood would be substantially altered. Any facility exceeding the thresholds outlined in this section shall refer to the requirements of Community Support Facility. 6.2.1 Community Residence Standards D D1 - WORKPLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL River Greenway Action Plan, defined as the area from Biscayne Bay to the Fifth Street Bridge. 3. Pursuant to Section 342.07, Florida Statutes, Lodging Uses in this Transect Zone must provide access for water-dependent commercial and recreational activities for the public such as

over concentration of Community Residences in proximity to the site selected such that the nature and character of the Neighborhood would be substantially altered. Any facility exceeding the thresholds outlined in this section shall refer to the requirements of Community Support Facility. 6.2.1 Community Residence Standards D D1 - WORKPLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL River Greenway Action Plan, defined as the area from Biscayne Bay to the Fifth Street Bridge. 3. Pursuant to Section 342.07, Florida Statutes, Lodging Uses in this Transect Zone must provide access for water-dependent commercial and recreational activities for the public such as public access to the Riverwalk, public docks, marinas, or other water- related amenities afforded by the waterfront location. INFRASTRUCTURE AND UTILITIES Wall and Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Wall and Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed with architectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Wall and Fence heights may extend above ten (10’) feet, up to a maximum of twenty (20’) feet, by Warrant and shall comply with the underlying Principal Building Setbacks. Walls and Fences shall be designed witharchitectural treatment and landscaping to enhance their appearance and comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. 1 to 6 Residents LOCATION T3 - R, L & O | T4 - R, L & O | T5 - R, L & O | T6 - R, L & O LOCATION STANDARDS Community Residences of six (6) or fewer residents shall not be located within a radius of one- thousand (1,000) feet of another. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 218/614 1 to 6 Residents Distance shall be measured from nearest point of Property Line of proposed Community Residence to nearest point of Property Line of existing Community Residence within a T3-R or T3-L property. Homes of six (6) or fewer residents which otherwise meet the definition of a community residential home shall be deemed a single-family residence dwelling and a non- Commercial Use, for the purpose of this code. Homes of six (6) or fewer residents that otherwise meet the definition of a community residential home shall be allowed in T3, T4, T5 or T6, , provided that such homes shall not be located within a radius of one-thousand (1,000) feet of another existing such home with six or fewer residents. Such homes with six (6) or fewer residents shall not be required to comply with the notification provisions of this section; provided that, prior to licensing, the sponsoring agency

home shall be deemed a single-family residence dwelling and a non- Commercial Use, for the purpose of this code. Homes of six (6) or fewer residents that otherwise meet the definition of a community residential home shall be allowed in T3, T4, T5 or T6, , provided that such homes shall not be located within a radius of one-thousand (1,000) feet of another existing such home with six or fewer residents. Such homes with six (6) or fewer residents shall not be required to comply with the notification provisions of this section; provided that, prior to licensing, the sponsoring agency provides the Office of Zoning with the most recently published data compiled from the licensing entities that identifies all community residential homes within the jurisdictional limits of the City in order to show that no other community residential home is within a radius of one- thousand (1,000) feet of the proposed home with six (6) or fewer residents. At the time of home occupancy, the sponsoring agency must notify the City of Miami Office of Zoning that the home is licensed by the licensing entity. PARKING See Article 3 and Article 4, Table 4 and Table 5 7 to 14 Residents LOCATION T3 - R, L & O | T4 - R, L & O | T5 - R, L & O | T6 - R, L & O LOCATION STANDARDS Prohibited in all T3 - R and L and within five-hundred (500) feet thereof. Community Residences servicing seven (7) to fourteen (14) residents shall not be located within a radius of twelve-hundred (1,200) feet of another. Distance shall be measured from nearest point of Property Line of proposed Community Residence to nearest point of Property Line of existing Community Residence or T3-R or T3-L. When a site for a community residential home servicing seven (7) to fourteen (14) residents or similar assisted living facility has been selected by a sponsoring agency in an area that allows multifamily, the agency shall notify the Planning Director in writing and include in such notice the specific address of the site, the residential licensing category, the number of residents, and the community support requirements of the program. Such notice shall also contain a statement from the licensing entity indicating the licensing status of the proposed assisted living facility or community residential home and specifying how the home meets applicable licensing criteria for the safe care and supervision of the clients in the home. The sponsoring agency shall also provide to the City the most recently published data compiled from the licensing entities that identifies all assisted living facilities, adult family-care homes, or community residential homes within the jurisdictional limits of the City. The Office of Zoning shall review the notification of the sponsoring agency in accordance with Transect regulations. • Pursuant to such review by the Planning Department, the City may: 1. Determine that the siting of the assisted living facility or community residential home is in accordance with this code and approve

safe care and supervision of the clients in the home. The sponsoring agency shall also provide to the City the most recently published data compiled from the licensing entities that identifies all assisted living facilities, adult family-care homes, or community residential homes within the jurisdictional limits of the City. The Office of Zoning shall review the notification of the sponsoring agency in accordance with Transect regulations. • Pursuant to such review by the Planning Department, the City may: 1. Determine that the siting of the assisted living facility or community residential home is in accordance with this code and approve the siting. If the siting is approved, the sponsoring agency may establish the home at the site selected. 2. Fail to respond within sixty (60) days. If the City fails to respond within such time, the sponsoring agency may establish the home at the site selected. 3. Deny the siting of the home. • The City shall not deny the siting of an assisted living facility or community residential home unless the City establishes that the siting of the home at the site selected: 1. Does not otherwise conform to regulations of this code applicable to other multifamily uses in the area. 2. Does not meet applicable licensing criteria established and determined by the licensing entity, including requirements that the home be located to assure the safe care and supervision of all clients in the home. 3. Would result in such a concentration of community residential homes, assisted living facilities, and adult family-care in the area in proximity to the site selected, or would result in a combination of such homes with other residences in the community, such that the nature and 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 219/614 6.2.2 Adult Family-Care Homes Standards 6.3 COMMERCIAL USES 6.3.1 Large Scale Commercial Except for Public Storage Facilities which must comply with the criteria set forth under Article 6, Table 13, a single commercial establishment occupying more than 55,000 square feet of Floor Area in any T6-O, D1 or D2 shall be permitted subject to the following requirements: 7 to 14 Residents character of the area would be substantially altered. A home that is located within a radius of twelve-hundred (1,200) feet of another existing community residential home in a multifamily zone shall be an over concentration of such homes that substantially alters the nature and character of the area. A home that is located within a radius of five-hundred (500) feet of a property designated T3R or T3L substantially alters the nature and character of the area. 4. All distance requirements in this section shall be measured from the nearest point of the existing home or property designated T3-R or T3-L to the nearest point of the proposed home. If agreed to by both the City and the sponsoring agency, a conflict may be resolved through informal mediation. The City shall arrange for the services of an independent mediator or may utilize the dispute resolution process established by a regional planning council

is located within a radius of five-hundred (500) feet of a property designated T3R or T3L substantially alters the nature and character of the area. 4. All distance requirements in this section shall be measured from the nearest point of the existing home or property designated T3-R or T3-L to the nearest point of the proposed home. If agreed to by both the City and the sponsoring agency, a conflict may be resolved through informal mediation. The City shall arrange for the services of an independent mediator or may utilize the dispute resolution process established by a regional planning council pursuant to Fla. Stat. s. 186.509. Mediation shall be concluded within forty-five (45) days of a request therefore. The resolution of any issue through the mediation process shall not alter any person’s right to a judicial determination of any issue if that person is entitled to such a determination under statutory or common law. PARKING See Article 3 and Article 4, Table 4 and Table 5. 1 to 6 Residents LOCATION T3 - R, L & O | T4 - R, L & O | T5 - R, L & O | T6 - R, L & O LOCATION STANDARDS Adult Family-Care Homes of five (5) or fewer residents shall not be located within a radius of one-thousand (1,000) feet of another. Distance shall be measured from nearest point of Property Line of proposed Community Residence to nearest point of Property Line of existing Community Residence. PARKING See Article 3 and Article 4, Table 4 and Table 5. Large Scale Commercial LOCATION By Exception in T6-O and shall be located only on Lots having Frontage on one (1) or more arterial roads. Ingress and egress to the Lot must be provided from these arterials and not from secondary roads or collectors. The Lots shall also be served and be readily accessible by collective transportation systems. By Warrant in D1 By Right in D2. Section 6.3.1 “Additional Requirements” shall not apply. LOT SIZE As required by Transect Zone COMMERCIAL AREA LIMITATIONS Minimum: 55,000 square feet REQUIREMENTS WHEN ABUTTING A MORE RESTRICTIVE TRANSECT A minimum of one (1) shade tree with a minimum Height of twelve (12) feet shall be planted at twenty-five (25) feet on center along the perimeter of the wall Additional landscaping in the form of shrubs and Buffer plant material shall also be required. PARKING All required Parking shall conform to Transect Zone and in addition it shall be provided onsite within an enclosed Structure 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 220/614 6.3.2 Open Air Retail, Outdoor Dining, and Vending Carts 6.3.2.1 Open AirRetail Where permitted per Article 4, Table 3 and per conditions in Article 6, Table 13, Open Air Retail uses within open space, or partially open space including Plazas, Courtyards, Pedestrian Passages, and Roof Terraces may not count towards Floor Area and Floor Lot Ratio calculations if the retail elements, such as vending carts, kiosks, Retail Merchandising Units, or any other structures or furnishings, have wheels

shall conform to Transect Zone and in addition it shall be provided onsite within an enclosed Structure 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 220/614 6.3.2 Open Air Retail, Outdoor Dining, and Vending Carts 6.3.2.1 Open AirRetail Where permitted per Article 4, Table 3 and per conditions in Article 6, Table 13, Open Air Retail uses within open space, or partially open space including Plazas, Courtyards, Pedestrian Passages, and Roof Terraces may not count towards Floor Area and Floor Lot Ratio calculations if the retail elements, such as vending carts, kiosks, Retail Merchandising Units, or any other structures or furnishings, have wheels or are completely removable within twenty-four (24) hours. 6.3.2.2 OutdoorDining Outdoor Dining may be allowed on private property within open space, or partially open space including Plazas, Courtyards, Pedestrian Passages, and Roof Terraces only when associated with a Food Service or Alcohol Service Establishment, as provided for in this Section. All tables, seating, furnishings, and other such associated material must be completely removable within twenty-four (24) hours. Outdoor Dining areas that contain up to fifty percent (50%) of the overall establishment’s seating capacity, may not count towards Floor Area and Floor Lot Ratio calculations. Outdoor Dining areas containing seating in an amount greater than fifty percent (50%) of the overall establishment’s seating capacity shall be counted toward Floor Area and Floor Lot Ratios and require parking per this Code, except within established Parking Trust Fund areas. Parking shall be calculated based on the total area occupied by the Outdoor Dining and according to the Miami 21 Code or applicable section of the City Code. Outdoor Dining is subject to all other provisions of City ordinances including but not limited to noise regulations per Chapter 36, alcohol regulations per Chapter 4, and Certificate of Use regulations per Chapter 2 of the City Code, as amended. A Certificate of Use reflecting the Outdoor Dining use must be obtained. 6.3.2.3 Vending Carts Within open space, or partially open space, display and sale of other merchandise or food products allowed to be sold generally within the district, and subject to the restrictions set forth herein, may be permitted by Exception. However, no Warrant or Exception shall be granted allowing existing uses to expand their retail activity or to display their merchandise into existing open or partially open space. Parking Structures and parked vehicles shall be concealed from exterior street view and may only be located within the Third Layer ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS At ground level: Habitable Space such as Liners to conceal Parking Structures or Parking Areas, must be provided for at least sixty-five (65%) percent of linear street Frontages. Second floor level: Habitable Space such as Liners to conceal Parking Structure, with a combination of architectural articulation for all linear street Frontages shall be required; however, in no case shall the Habitable Space Liners be less than forty percent (40%) of all linear street Frontages. Third floor level and above: Habitable Space such as Liners to conceal Parking Structure, with a combination of architectural

located within the Third Layer ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS At ground level: Habitable Space such as Liners to conceal Parking Structures or Parking Areas, must be provided for at least sixty-five (65%) percent of linear street Frontages. Second floor level: Habitable Space such as Liners to conceal Parking Structure, with a combination of architectural articulation for all linear street Frontages shall be required; however, in no case shall the Habitable Space Liners be less than forty percent (40%) of all linear street Frontages. Third floor level and above: Habitable Space such as Liners to conceal Parking Structure, with a combination of architectural articulation for all linear street Frontages shall be permitted; however, in no case will the Habitable Space Liners be less than twenty-five percent (25%) of all linear street Frontages. Outdoor Dining is permitted, By Right, subject to meeting all the followingconditions: a. The property requesting the Outdoor Dining is located within the Downtown Development Authority (“DDA”) boundaries, as defined in Section 14-27 of the City Code. 1. The property requesting the Outdoor Dining does not abut T3-R, T3-L, T3-O,T4-R, T5-R, or T6-R parcels pursuant to the Miami 21 Zoning Atlas; 2. The Outdoor Dining is located on a property of no less than five thousand (5,000) square feet of lot area; 3. The Outdoor Dining is located wholly within the private property; 4. If the Outdoor Dining area is located between the Building and Frontage Line, a minimum five-foot wide clear pedestrian path must be maintained at all times. 5. The Outdoor Dining does not contain seating in an amount greater than 50% oftheoverall establishment’s seating capacity. 6. The Outdoor Dining is not located on a Roof Terrace or above the first retail floor level. 7. Outdoor Dining may be permitted by process of Warrant in the event that one (1) or more of the By Right conditions above are not met. b. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 221/614 All exhibits, displays and sales of items from vending carts shall be subject to the following limitations: 1. All such carts shall be located completely within private property, or, on undedicated right-of-way with an approved agreement specifying terms of removal upon required dedication; 2. Prior to the approval of any vending cart, a master site plan shall be submitted for review and approval; said master plan shall specify the locations and approximate footprints of all future carts; 3. The merchandise and method of display shall reflect and complement the existing mix of uses within the district and shall be consistent with the unique physical layout, cultural traditions and historic character of the neighborhood. 4. There shall be no more than 1 (one) cart per each thirty-five (35) linear feet of street frontage except that, within courtyards, there may be more upon compliance with the distance separation requirements specified below; 5. All such carts shall conform with the following distance limitations unless an alternate proposal is justified due to existing established pedestrian patterns or other special site conditions: (a) All carts, whether

method of display shall reflect and complement the existing mix of uses within the district and shall be consistent with the unique physical layout, cultural traditions and historic character of the neighborhood. 4. There shall be no more than 1 (one) cart per each thirty-five (35) linear feet of street frontage except that, within courtyards, there may be more upon compliance with the distance separation requirements specified below; 5. All such carts shall conform with the following distance limitations unless an alternate proposal is justified due to existing established pedestrian patterns or other special site conditions: (a) All carts, whether located within completely enclosed plazas or courtyards, or within linear building frontage setbacks, shall be separated from each other by a minimum of ten (10) feet and from any adjacent permanent structures by a minimum of five (5) feet; (i.e. there shall be a minimum five (5) foot clear radius surrounding all such carts); (b) All carts located within linear building frontage setbacks shall be setback from any adjacent public right-of-way by a minimum of fifteen (15) feet. 6. Total signage shall be limited to eight (8) square feet in area, however no individual sign may exceed four (4) square feet in area and there shall be no more than 2 signs per cart; 7. Lighting shall be limited to task lighting as necessary for the conduct of business; 8. All vending carts shall be limited to a maximum size of forty (40) square feet in area and shall not exceed a maximum height of ten (10) feet; 9. All vending carts shall be securely anchored during business hours, however, they must have wheels in order to enable them to be removed within 24 hours in case of an emergency. Deviations from these standards may be approved by the Planning, Zoning, and Appeals Board pursuant to an Exception Permit upon finding that the requested modifications are justified due to one or more of the following special conditions: 1. Established pedestrian flow patterns, 2. Existing landscape features 3. Governmental action which creates a peculiar configuration on the subject property. 6.3.3 Biscayne Boulevard Open Air Markets Properties with frontage along Biscayne Boulevard between NE 51st Street and NE 77th Street within the Biscayne Boulevard MiMo Historic District, by process of Warrant may conduct open air markets subject to the following: a. Open air markets shall be defined as outdoor farmer’s markets or craft markets, where only handmade crafts, fresh fruits and vegetables, prepared raw foods and drinks derived from fresh fruits and vegetables are sold. b. The outdoor market must be located on a parcel of no less than fifteen thousand (15,000) square feet of lot area. c. The display area of the outdoor market shall be limited to no more than sixty-five percent (65%) of the parcel area. d. All display tables and other such materials must be removed at the end of the permitted time of operation. e. The outdoor market display area shall be set back no less than

craft markets, where only handmade crafts, fresh fruits and vegetables, prepared raw foods and drinks derived from fresh fruits and vegetables are sold. b. The outdoor market must be located on a parcel of no less than fifteen thousand (15,000) square feet of lot area. c. The display area of the outdoor market shall be limited to no more than sixty-five percent (65%) of the parcel area. d. All display tables and other such materials must be removed at the end of the permitted time of operation. e. The outdoor market display area shall be set back no less than twenty-five (25) feet from any abutting T-3 Transect. f. Outdoor markets may operate only between the hours of 8:00 a. m. and 8:00 p.m. on Saturdays or Sundays only. g. No outdoor market may be located closer than one thousand five hundred (1,500) feet from another outdoor market. 6.3.4 Health District Green Market Outdoor green markets are permitted within the CI-HD Transect Zone subject to all of the following conditions, regulations, and limitations. In addition to these requirements, an operational plan and vendor guidelines shall be required at the time of application: a. Only handmade crafts, live plants and flowers, fresh fruits and vegetables, honey and pollen products, cheeses, jams and jellies, baked goods, prepared foods and drinks derived from fresh fruits and vegetables, soaps, and candles may be sold on any outdoor green market within this district. b. Outdoor green markets must be located within an improved site which shall consist of developed open space or plaza of no less than twenty-thousand (20,000) square feet. Outdoor markets may not be located within parking lots or structures. c. Outdoor green markets may not be located closer than one thousand five hundred (1,500) feet from another outdoor green market. d. Outdoor green market vending activities must take place on private property; vending within the right-of-way and obstruction of the right of way is not permissible under this section of the zoning code. e. Outdoor green markets may operate once a week only based on a pre-determined weekday. The green market permit shall include the day of the week and location for said permit. f. The applicant shall submit, at the time of application, the selected week date and location for the outdoor green market. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 222/614 g. The hours of operation shall be from 7:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. h. Outdoor green markets shall have a minimum of 12 vendors. i. Each vendor shall conduct business within a 10’ x 10’ white and/or green movable canopy which shall be removed at the end of each market day. Any table placed within the canopy area shall be covered with a green table skirt. j. All vending activity must be conducted within a vendor’s canopy area which shall be kept in clean and good condition at all times. Broken, faded or dirty canopies shall not be allowed. k. All garbage and trash shall be removed from the market site

5:00 p.m. h. Outdoor green markets shall have a minimum of 12 vendors. i. Each vendor shall conduct business within a 10’ x 10’ white and/or green movable canopy which shall be removed at the end of each market day. Any table placed within the canopy area shall be covered with a green table skirt. j. All vending activity must be conducted within a vendor’s canopy area which shall be kept in clean and good condition at all times. Broken, faded or dirty canopies shall not be allowed. k. All garbage and trash shall be removed from the market site and disposed as required by law at the end of each market day. l. The market area shall be cleaned and left in a sanitary condition at the end of each market day. m. All signs shall be submitted for approval as part of the application. n. Noisemaking or flashing devices shall not be allowed. 6.3.5 Central Coconut Grove Green Market Outdoor green markets are permitted within the district subject to obtaining a Warrant; and subject to all of the following conditions, regulations, and limitations: The Coconut Grove Central Commercial District consists of three general areas. Area A generally consists of both sides of S.W. 37th Avenue from Oak Avenue to Grand Avenue, and both sides of Grand Avenue from Brooker Street to Hibiscus Street. Area B is generally bound to the North by Oak Avenue from Allamanda Street to Mary Street, Mary Street to the East, includes both sides of Grand Avenue from Margaret Street to Mary Street, both sides of McFarlane Road from Grand Avenue to South Bayshore Drive, both sides of Main Highway from Grand Avenue to Commodore Plaza including both sides of Commodore Plaza and Fuller Street. Area C includes the North Side of Main Highway from Charles Avenue to Franklin Avenue. a. Only live plants and flowers, fresh fruits and vegetables, honey and pollen products, cheeses, jams and jellies, baked goods, prepared foods and drinks derived from fresh fruits and vegetables, soaps, candles, handmade crafts, antiques, collectibles, paintings, and objects d’art may be sold on any outdoor green market within this district. b. Outdoor green markets must be located within an improved site which shall consist of ground level developed open space or plaza of no less than nine- thousand (9,000) square feet. c. Outdoor green markets shall not be located within parking lots or parking structures. d. Outdoor green markets vending activities must take place on private property; vending within the right-of-way and obstruction of the right-of-way is not permissible under this section of this Code. e. Outdoor green markets may operate two (2) days a week only based on predetermined day(s) of the week. The outdoor green market permit shall include the specific day(s) of the week and location for said permit. f. The applicant shall submit at the time of application the selected weekday(s) and location of the outdoor green market. g. The hours of operation including set-up and take-down shall be

parking structures. d. Outdoor green markets vending activities must take place on private property; vending within the right-of-way and obstruction of the right-of-way is not permissible under this section of this Code. e. Outdoor green markets may operate two (2) days a week only based on predetermined day(s) of the week. The outdoor green market permit shall include the specific day(s) of the week and location for said permit. f. The applicant shall submit at the time of application the selected weekday(s) and location of the outdoor green market. g. The hours of operation including set-up and take-down shall be from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. h. Outdoor green markets shall have a minimum of six (6) vendors. i. Each vendor shall conduct business within a 10’ x 10’ white or green movable canopy which shall be removed at the end of each market day. Any table placed within the canopy area shall be covered with a white and/or green fabric table skirt. j. All vending activity, display, or exhibit must be conducted within a vendor’s canopy area which shall be kept in good condition at all times. Broken, faded and/or dirty canopies shall not be allowed. k. All garbage and trash shall be removed from the market site and disposed as required by law at the end of each market day. l. The market area shall be cleaned and left in a sanitary condition at the end of each market day. m. Outdoor green market signs shall be submitted for approval as part of the Warrant application. n. Noisemaking or flashing devices shall not be allowed. 6.3.6 Microbreweries The purpose and intent of these regulations are to: Establish baseline nuisance abatement standards beyond those prescribed in Miami 21 Code; to allow Microbreweries in mixed-use areas; to encourage beer manufacturers and distributors to provide retail sales and/or an opportunity to consume on premises; and to promote compatibility of Microbreweries and the surrounding land uses. a. Building disposition and configuration 1. Microbreweries will be limited to the first story of the Principal Building and a maximum area of 20,000 square feet. 2. The retail and/or consumption component of a Microbrewery shall be located on a Principal Frontage. 3. The manufacturing and distribution functions of a Microbrewery shall be within a fully enclosed structure or Building. 4. Unless otherwise stated herein, Microbreweries shall be subject to the regulations of the underlying Transect Zone. b. Permitting 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 223/614 Microbreweries may be permitted as Alcohol Service Establishments provided that they are located within a cultural specialty district, as defined in Chapter 4 of the Code of the City of Miami, Florida, as amended (“City Code”). All proposed Microbreweries shall be required to obtain a Certificate of Use for the appropriate alcohol category as defined in Sec. 4-2 of the City Code. c. Offsite impact standards 1. Vibration standard – In general; a person of normal sensitivities should not be able to feel any vibrations. (0.002g peak) (a) Vibrations lasting less

Zone. b. Permitting 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 223/614 Microbreweries may be permitted as Alcohol Service Establishments provided that they are located within a cultural specialty district, as defined in Chapter 4 of the Code of the City of Miami, Florida, as amended (“City Code”). All proposed Microbreweries shall be required to obtain a Certificate of Use for the appropriate alcohol category as defined in Sec. 4-2 of the City Code. c. Offsite impact standards 1. Vibration standard – In general; a person of normal sensitivities should not be able to feel any vibrations. (0.002g peak) (a) Vibrations lasting less than five (5) minutes per day are exempt. (b) Vibrations from vehicles that leave the site are exempt. 2. Odor standard – In general; continuous, frequent, or repetitive odors may not be produced. The odor threshold is the point at which an odor may just be detected. 3. Sound standard – In general; continuous, frequent, or repetitive sounds may not be produced. Sound standards are further defined in Chapter 36 of the City Code. 4. Measurements for compliance with these standards are made from the property line of abutting properties. 6.3.7 Educational Uses in the Downtown Miami Area The purpose and intent of these regulations are to permit all Educational Uses within the T6 Transect Zone in the Downtown Miami Area By Right in order to encourage educational facility opportunities in close proximity to the City’s core. Educational Uses within the T6 Transect Zone shall be allowed By Right in the Downtown Miami Area if it meets the below criteria. This Section will sunset on July 3, 2024 if not otherwise extended. 6.4 INFRASTRUCTURE AND UTILITIES 6.4.1 Personal Wireless Service Facilities (PWSF) The purpose and intent of these performance standards for the location, siting and design of PWSF are to: Allow for alternative types of PWSF in locations pursuant to these standards. Encourage the use of existing structures not originally built as antenna mounts such as rooftops, utility poles, and church steeples for deploying PWSF. Discourage new PWSF mounts where co-location and mounts on existing structures are possible; Expedite the review process for applications choosing the least intrusive alternative of deploying PWSF as permitted by these standards; Encourage users of mounts to locate, site and design them in a way that minimizes the adverse visual impact of the mounts and associated equipment; Boundary. Downtown Miami Area is defined as all T6 Transect Zone properties that lie within the boundaries of west of Biscayne Bay, south of Northeast 24th Street, east of Biscayne Boulevard until 395, then east of 95 until West Flagler Street, then east of the Miami River; or south of the Miami River, east of 95 to the Metromover line, Northwest of the Metromover line to Southeast 15th Road then north of Southeast 15th Road with Biscayne Bay to the east, except for the properties fronting Brickell Bay Drive; or located at 888 MacArthur Causeway; included in the boundary are properties located on Brickell Key; specifically excluding all

T6 Transect Zone properties that lie within the boundaries of west of Biscayne Bay, south of Northeast 24th Street, east of Biscayne Boulevard until 395, then east of 95 until West Flagler Street, then east of the Miami River; or south of the Miami River, east of 95 to the Metromover line, Northwest of the Metromover line to Southeast 15th Road then north of Southeast 15th Road with Biscayne Bay to the east, except for the properties fronting Brickell Bay Drive; or located at 888 MacArthur Causeway; included in the boundary are properties located on Brickell Key; specifically excluding all T6 Transect Zone properties within a 500-foot walking distance as measured by a surveyor from edge of the property to the closest T3 Transect Zone property. a. Permitting and Criteria. All new Educational Uses shall submit to the Planning Department for review and confirmation of compliance with the following standards and criteria: b. Total size of the site and Floor Area of the proposed Educational Use; and (1) Maximum number of students; and (2) Number of teachers and administrative and clerical personnel; and (3) Number of classrooms and total square footage of classroom space; and (4) Total square footage of non-classroom space; and (5) Amount of exterior recreational/play area in square footage; and (6) Number and type of vehicles that will be used in conjunction with the operation of the facility; and (7) Number of parking spaces provided for staff, visitors, and transportation vehicles, and justification that those spaces are sufficient for this facility; and (8) Grades or age groups that will be served; and (9) Days and hours of operations; and (10) Means of compliance with requirements of Miami-Dade County regulations, and any state and federal guidelines and regulations applicable to the specific application; and (11) Compliance with Chapter 62 City of Miami Traffic regulations; and (12) Compliance with all other provisions for Educational Uses in Miami 21 regarding the design, outdoor space, and other features as may be required. (13) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 224/614 To promote compatibility of PWSF with surrounding land uses, and protect the attractiveness, health, safety, general welfare, and property values of the community. 1. Collocation a. Collocation of antennae, equipment enclosures, and ancillary facilities (“facilities”) on existing towers as specified on FS 365.172 (12)(a)1.a., or on other structures as specified in FS 365.172(12)(a)1.b, shall be allowed by right, subject to the land development regulations in effect at the time of the initial PWSF placement approval, when the collocation: Does not increase the height of the tower or other structure, as applicable, to which the facilities are to be attached; and Does not increase the ground space area approved in the site plan; and Consists of antennae, equipment enclosures, and ancillary facilities that conform to the land development regulations applied to the initial facilities placed on tower, and the tower supporting the facilities. However, the land development regulations at the time of the collocation application (other than regulation of the number of collocations)

development regulations in effect at the time of the initial PWSF placement approval, when the collocation: Does not increase the height of the tower or other structure, as applicable, to which the facilities are to be attached; and Does not increase the ground space area approved in the site plan; and Consists of antennae, equipment enclosures, and ancillary facilities that conform to the land development regulations applied to the initial facilities placed on tower, and the tower supporting the facilities. However, the land development regulations at the time of the collocation application (other than regulation of the number of collocations) may be applied to the facilities if they do not conflict with land development regulations applied to the initial PWSF; and Is not located within a historic building, structure, site, object, or district, except for the collocation on existing towers. b. If only a portion of the collocation does not meet the requirements specified above, where all other portions of the collocation meet the requirements, that portion of the collocation may be allowed subject to a Warrant or Exception, as applicable. Further, HEP approval shall be required if applicable, except for collocation on existing towers. c. By right and to allow collocation, an existing tower may be structurally modified, or may be replaced with a monopole tower, or an existing camouflaged tower may be replaced with a like-camouflaged tower, if the overall height of the modified or replaced tower is not increased. 2. Replacement or Modification Replacement of or modification to PWSF, except for a tower, shall be as of right when, as reasonably determined by the City: The resulting PWSF is not readily discernibly different in size, type and appearance when viewed from ground level from surrounding properties, or The replacement or modification of equipment is not visible from surrounding properties. 3. New Placement and Substantial Modifications MONOPOLE OR TOWER DEVICES ROOFTOP OR ANCHORED DEVICES T3 By Exception subject to conditions and limitations. By Exception subject to conditions and limitations. T4 By Exception subject to conditions and limitations. By Warrant subject to conditions and limitations. ALL OTHER By Exception subject to conditions and limitations; including min. 500 feet distance requirement from any T3 or T4 designated Zone measured from nearest property line of PWSF site to the property line of the nearest parcel zoned as T3 or T4. By Warrant subject to conditions and limitations. MAXIMUM DEVICE HEIGHT MINIMUM SETBACK REQUIRED STRUCTURAL HEIGHT MAXIMUM DEVICE HEIGHT ABOVE ROOF T3 35 feet 20 feet 35 feet 13 feet 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 225/614 6.4.1.1 Personal Wireless Service Facilities (PWSF) Procedures T4 60 feet 20 feet 35 feet 13 feet ALL OTHER 100 feet single carrier 125 feet multiple 20 feet 35 feet 13 feet ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS All freestanding monopole or tower facilities shall be designed to include sufficient landscape as to screen the proposed facility from any adjacent right- of-ways. Sufficient landscape shall include trees, shrubs and ground cover in a tiered configuration. All freestanding monopole or tower facilities

SETBACK REQUIRED STRUCTURAL HEIGHT MAXIMUM DEVICE HEIGHT ABOVE ROOF T3 35 feet 20 feet 35 feet 13 feet 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 225/614 6.4.1.1 Personal Wireless Service Facilities (PWSF) Procedures T4 60 feet 20 feet 35 feet 13 feet ALL OTHER 100 feet single carrier 125 feet multiple 20 feet 35 feet 13 feet ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS All freestanding monopole or tower facilities shall be designed to include sufficient landscape as to screen the proposed facility from any adjacent right- of-ways. Sufficient landscape shall include trees, shrubs and ground cover in a tiered configuration. All freestanding monopole or tower facilities shall be designed to accommodate up to three co-locations of other antennas by future carriers. Any applicant of new device shall show proof that co-location to existing devices serving the area is not available. The mount shall not be visible from the ground from a distance of 600 feet; Screening from ground view may be provided by a parapet or some other type wall or Screening. No part of the mount shall be located closer than eight (8) feet to any power line. Mounts may not exceed three (3) separate areas per rooftop STANDARDS In the event that a specific facility cannot comply with the standards set forth above, an application for modifications as to such standards shall only be permissible by Exception. Such applications shall be accepted upon compliance with the following: he applicant for each such facility shall submit a justification report prepared by an engineer qualified in the technological aspects (such as a “radio frequency [RF] engineer”) as to why the facility must be modified in terms of height or location; such report shall be accompanied with a review fee as set forth in Chapter 62 of the City Code. The applicant for each such facility shall include, as part of the application, line of sight studies that depict the three dimensional view of such facility from all adjacent right- of-ways; photo montages shall be considered an acceptable form of line of sight studies. The applicant for each such facility shall include, as part of the application, a mitigation plan that depicts proposed Buffering and Screening of such facility from all adjacent right-of-ways; such mitigation plan shall be in compliance with the criteria and standards set forth for PWSF applications unless the relief being sought is from one or more of such standards. For any such facility that is proposed to be located within a property zoned T3, T4-R, T5-R or T6-R, the mitigation plan shall be required to either conceal, camouflage or disguise the proposed facility, or if possible, replace a monopole or tower structure with a series of short mounts that are camouflaged within the area so as to reduce the negative visual impact of a possible larger structure. PROCEDURES An application is deemed submitted or re-submitted on the date it is received by the City. The City shall notify the applicant in writing that the application is not complete and in compliance with regulations

that is proposed to be located within a property zoned T3, T4-R, T5-R or T6-R, the mitigation plan shall be required to either conceal, camouflage or disguise the proposed facility, or if possible, replace a monopole or tower structure with a series of short mounts that are camouflaged within the area so as to reduce the negative visual impact of a possible larger structure. PROCEDURES An application is deemed submitted or re-submitted on the date it is received by the City. The City shall notify the applicant in writing that the application is not complete and in compliance with regulations for administrative purposes within 20 days after the application is submitted, or after additional information resubmitted. Collocation Applications: A building permit shall be granted or denied no later than 45 business days after the date the application is determined to be properly completed. Other wireless facility applications: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 226/614 6.4.1.2 Personal Wireless Service Facilities (PWSF) Definitions Other applications shall be granted or denied no later than 90 business days after the date the application is determined to be properly completed. If a properly completed application is not granted or denied within the timeframe set forth above, the application shall be deemed automatically approved and the applicant may proceed with the placement of the facility, as set forth in FS 365.172( 12) (d), unless: the timeframe is voluntarily extended by the applicant; or the City’s procedures generally applicable to all other similar types of applications require City Commission action, in which case the City Commission must act on the application at its next regularly scheduled meeting; or an extension is required because of a declared local, state of federal emergency that directly affects administration of all permitting activities DEFINITIONS Camouflage shall mean a way of designing or installing and mounting a PWSF that creates the effect that the PWSF is part of its surroundings. Carrier shall mean a company licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) that provides wireless services. A tower builder or owner is not a carrier unless licensed to provide personal wireless services. Co-location shall mean the use of a common mount by two (2) or more wireless carriers. Conceal shall mean to enclose a PWSF within a natural or man-made feature resulting in the facility being either invisible or made part of the feature enclosing it. Design shall mean the appearance of PWSF such as their materials, color and shape. Disguise shall mean to design a PWSF to appear to be something other than a PWSF. Landscape Buffer shall mean an area of landscaping separating two (2) distinct land uses or a land use and a public right-of-way, which acts to soften or mitigate the effects of one use on another. It can be considered a form of camouflage. Lattice Tower shall mean a type of mount that consists of multiple legs and cross-bracing of structural steel. Mitigation shall mean the reduction or elimination of visual impacts by the use of one or

such as their materials, color and shape. Disguise shall mean to design a PWSF to appear to be something other than a PWSF. Landscape Buffer shall mean an area of landscaping separating two (2) distinct land uses or a land use and a public right-of-way, which acts to soften or mitigate the effects of one use on another. It can be considered a form of camouflage. Lattice Tower shall mean a type of mount that consists of multiple legs and cross-bracing of structural steel. Mitigation shall mean the reduction or elimination of visual impacts by the use of one or more methods, including concealment, camouflage and disguise. Monopole shall mean one type of self-supporting mount consisting of a single shaft of wood, steel or concrete and antennas at the top or along the shaft. Mount shall mean the Structure or surface to which antennas are attached. Personal Wireless Service Facility (PWSF) shall mean any a facility for the provision of personal wireless services, as defined by Section 704 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996. A PWSF is any facility for the transmission or reception of personal wireless services, which may consist of an antenna array, transmission cables, equipment shelter or Building, access road, mount, and a guy system. Such facilities may include “monopole” or “lattice tower (tower)” structures. Radio Frequency (RF) engineer shall mean someone with a background in electrical engineering or microwave engineering who specializes in the study of radio frequencies. Screening shall mean visually shielding or obscuring one Abutting nearby Structure or use from another by fencing, walls, berms, or densely planted vegetation. Screening can be considered a form of camouflage. Short Mounts shall mean alternatives to monopoles or lattice towers, such as masts or poles. For example, two (2) poles or three (3) masts might be an alternative to one lattice tower. Standards shall mean guidelines or measures provided in this section by which acceptability is determined. PWSF shall be measured by standards for visibility and safety. This code generally regulates these facilities on three levels: location (where the facility can go), siting (how the facility is placed within its setting) and design (what the facility looks like). Tower shall mean a mount constructed for the primary purpose of supporting antennas and other PWSF components. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 227/614 6.5 INDUSTRIAL 6.5.1 Concrete Batching Plants Permissibility Concrete Batching Plants shall be reviewed by process of Warrant and apply Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Environmental considerations include, but are not limited to, siting, air quality, water quality, noise, and waste minimization. To ensure the permitting of a Concrete Batching Plant does not have adverse impacts on the environmental quality of any neighborhood, permitting and operations shall be subject to the following limitations: a. Concrete Batching Plants shall not be located within 500 feet from Residential Uses. Siting shall consider the current and future proximity of sensitive land uses. b. Concrete Batching Plants must be sited on land that is not flood prone.

Warrant and apply Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Environmental considerations include, but are not limited to, siting, air quality, water quality, noise, and waste minimization. To ensure the permitting of a Concrete Batching Plant does not have adverse impacts on the environmental quality of any neighborhood, permitting and operations shall be subject to the following limitations: a. Concrete Batching Plants shall not be located within 500 feet from Residential Uses. Siting shall consider the current and future proximity of sensitive land uses. b. Concrete Batching Plants must be sited on land that is not flood prone. c. Vehicle access routes which minimize impacts to the surrounding neighborhoods must be provided. d. Sand and aggregate must be kept continuously damp. e. Conveyor belts and hoppers must be covered or enclosed. f. Cement silos must be fitted with high level alarms, multi-bag pulse jet filters, airtight inspection hatches, and automatic cutoff switches on the filter lines. g. Duct work must be kept airtight and loading bays must be enclosed. An inspection regime for all dust control components must be developed and implemented. h. Spills must be cleaned up immediately. i. Concrete Batching Plants must utilize quieter equipment and alter or enclose equipment to reduce noise at the source with sound absorbing materials. j. Concrete Batching Plants must ensure alarms are used for emergencies only. k. Concrete Batching Plants must have an established waste minimization management policy to include: i. A waste management team. ii. A waste audit must to be conducted annually. iii. Viable waste minimization projects. iv. A waste management plan to be prepared and implemented. The plan must be monitored and evaluated for effectiveness. l. Site design must minimize the area of the site which generates contaminated storm water runoff. Concrete Batching Plants must have a separate dedicated drainage system to discharge clean storm water from the site. m. All contaminated storm water and process wastewater must be drained to a collection pit for recycling. Solids that accumulate in the pit must be regularly cleaned out. The wastewater recycling system must be able to store the contaminated runoff generated by 1 inch of rain in 24 hours. Use wastewater stored in the recycling system at the earliest possible opportunity. Refer to the United States Environmental Protection Agency’s “Stormwater Best Management Practice for Concrete Washout”. n. There must be no dry weather wastewater discharges from the site. Wet weather discharges must be monitored for pH and suspended solids and the records must be retained. 6.6 GAMBLING FACILITIES 6.6.1 Prohibition on Gambling Facilities Visual impact shall mean a modification or change that could be incompatible with Scale, form, texture, or color of the existing natural or man-made landscape. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 228/614 Gambling Facilities are prohibited in alltransects except that “casino gambling” as defined in Article X, Section 30(b) of the Florida Constitution may be authorized by a 60% vote in accordance with Article XI, Section 5(e) of the Florida Constitution. 6.6.2 Legal Nonconforming Facilities 1.

Wet weather discharges must be monitored for pH and suspended solids and the records must be retained. 6.6 GAMBLING FACILITIES 6.6.1 Prohibition on Gambling Facilities Visual impact shall mean a modification or change that could be incompatible with Scale, form, texture, or color of the existing natural or man-made landscape. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 228/614 Gambling Facilities are prohibited in alltransects except that “casino gambling” as defined in Article X, Section 30(b) of the Florida Constitution may be authorized by a 60% vote in accordance with Article XI, Section 5(e) of the Florida Constitution. 6.6.2 Legal Nonconforming Facilities 1. Existing Gambling Facilities may continue to operate as legal nonconforming uses pursuant to Article 7, Section7.2.6 of the Miami 21 Code. 2. For the purpose of this Section, the summer jai alai fronton, cardroom, and sports wagering contemplated in that certain Settlement Agreement dated March, 2021 in West Flagler Associates, Ltd., vs. City of Miami, Case No. 19-21670-CIV-SCOLA/TORRES in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida will be considered a legal nonconforming facility. 6.6.3 Amendments Amendments to this Section6.6 shall require a four-fifths (4/5ths) vote of the Commission.

ARTICLE 7 . PROCEDURES AND NONCONFORMITIES Amendments to Article 7 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13159 04-22-2010 Requirements for PZAB members 10-00287zt 13235 11-18-2010 Minor and non-substantial modifications throughout the Code 10-00956zt 13238 12-16-2010 Requirements for sheds and other structures; loading berth substitutions; requirements for public and commercial storage facilities; distance separation requirements for ALF’s; distance separation requirements for uses and structures 10-00963zt 13240 12-16-2010 Modification of door spacing requirements and removal of public easement requirements 10-00968zt 13251 01-27-2011 To add procedures for Unity of Title 10-01335zt 13265 05-12-2011 Incentives for construction of Affordable Housing 11-00022zt 13269 05-26-2011 Modification to non-conformities 11-00151zt 13362 02-28-2013 Atlas amendment dates 12-01296zt 13464 05-22-2014 Sign Regulations Amendment 12-00941zt1 13499 02-26-2015 Modification of voting requirements 14-00515zt 13507 03-12-2015 Modification of successional zoning chart to include T6-24b 14-01198zt 13566 09-24-2015 Amend Time Extensions for Nonconforming Uses 14-01304zt1 13577 11-19-2015 Modification of Adaptive Use Parking Requirements 14-01075zt 13594 01-28-2016 Updates PZAB to Hear Appeals of CU Revocation 15-01249zt 13690 06-22-2017 Joining of persons with entities when submitting applications for rezoning. 2192 13728 12-14-2017 Parking standards and placement for frontages and underground parking 3003 13831 03-22- 2019 Freeboard 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 229/614 DIAGRAM 14 PERMITTING PROCESS ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13817 12-13- 2019 T6-24B 13878 10-10- 2019 Allows CIL in “T3-O,” Sub-Urban Transect Zone 13945 11-19-2020 Requires approval by additional officials for release of a unity of title, covenants and others 13952 12-10-2020 Historic Sites or Contributing Structures 13958 11-19-2020 Exempts rezonings of properties by the City of Miami to "CS" or "T-1" from minimum size and frontage requirements 13114 01-12-2023 Amend Article 7, Section 7.1.1.4, Titled " Procedures and Nonconformities/Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board" 12924 14157 03-09-2023 To replace or strike references to the Neighborhood Enhancement Team ("NET") 12614 14177 05-25-2023 To provide the issuance of the Certificates of Use in certain limited instances where a property or building on a property is subject to pending code compliance or building violations. 12838 14178 05-25-2023 To provide clarification on circumstances in which an application shall not be scheduled for a public hearing nor any approvals be issued by the City of Miami ("CITY") if the property subject to the hearing or request has open vilolation(s) and/or owes monies to the City and to provide consistency with section 2-208 of the code of the City of Miami, Florida. 13539 14183 06-08-2023 To allow and establish definitions and regulations for Co-Living Residential Uses. 13541 14210 09-28-2023 It allows structures containing a nonconforming use to resume such use when the owner complies with the timeframes in the structure order. 14112 14234 11-16-2023 To clarify and amend the Waiver process relating to alterations to nonconforming residences. 14195 14235 11-16-2023 Add new definition (Article 1); clarify the Waiver processes relating to elderly housing (Article 3); clarify Waiver processes relating to substitution of loading berths (Article 4); clarify the Waiver processes relating to service and parking access from a Principal Frontage (Article 5); clarify the Waiver processes relating to

establish definitions and regulations for Co-Living Residential Uses. 13541 14210 09-28-2023 It allows structures containing a nonconforming use to resume such use when the owner complies with the timeframes in the structure order. 14112 14234 11-16-2023 To clarify and amend the Waiver process relating to alterations to nonconforming residences. 14195 14235 11-16-2023 Add new definition (Article 1); clarify the Waiver processes relating to elderly housing (Article 3); clarify Waiver processes relating to substitution of loading berths (Article 4); clarify the Waiver processes relating to service and parking access from a Principal Frontage (Article 5); clarify the Waiver processes relating to reservoir parking spaces (Article 6); clarify the Waiver processes relating to nonconforming properties and update the Waivers summary list (Article 7). 14196 14236 11-16-2023 Introduces a flexible lot coverage program, clarifies the application of Waivers, and amends the 10% Waiver. 14202 14237 11-16-2023 Clarifies the minor modification allowance of a footprint of a building 14679 14250 01-11-2024 Updates the waivers summary list 14192 14302 07-25-2024 It modifies the requirements for proposed demolitions 14197 Applicant PD Planning Department CRC Coordinated Review Committee PZAB Planning Zoning and Appeals Board I ↓ Zoning Office Referral 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 230/614 7.1 PROCEDURES 7.1.1 Authorities 7.1.1.1 Zoning Administrator ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ By Right Waiver Warrant (Uses Only) Exception Variance Zoning Change ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ Preapplication Preapplication Preapplication Preapplication Preapplication ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ Submit to Zoning Office* Submit to Planning Department* Submit to Planning Department* Submit to Planning Department* Submit to Planning Department* ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ PD CRC CRC ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ Zoning Office Decision Planning Department Decision Planning Department Certification Planning Department Certification Planning Department Certification ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ File with Hearing Boards* File with Hearing Boards* File with Hearing Boards* ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ PZAB PZAB PZAB ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ City Commission ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ Building Permit Building Permit Building Permit Building Permit Building Permit Building Permit Functions, powers and duties. A Zoning Administrator, appointed by and responsible to the City Manager, shall be responsible for administration and enforcement of the Miami 21 Code as provided herein, with such assistance as the City Manager may direct. For purposes of this Code, the functions, powers and duties of the Zoning Administrator more specifically include: a. To determine whether applications for building permits as required by the Building Code are in accord with the requirements of this zoning ordinance. No building permit shall be issued without approval of zoning compliance by the Zoning Administrator that plans and applications conform to applicable zoning regulations. 1. To determine whether the Use of any Structure or premises hereafter created, erected, changed, converted, enlarged or moved, wholly or partly, in Use or in Structure, is in accordance with this Miami 21 Code and to issue a Certificate of Use if the plans and applications conform to applicable zoning

include: a. To determine whether applications for building permits as required by the Building Code are in accord with the requirements of this zoning ordinance. No building permit shall be issued without approval of zoning compliance by the Zoning Administrator that plans and applications conform to applicable zoning regulations. 1. To determine whether the Use of any Structure or premises hereafter created, erected, changed, converted, enlarged or moved, wholly or partly, in Use or in Structure, is in accordance with this Miami 21 Code and to issue a Certificate of Use if the plans and applications conform to applicable zoning regulations. Certificates of Use for home occupations in residential districts shall be issued annually to cover the period from January 1 through December 31 of each year. 2. To approve, deny or approve with conditions applications for administrative Waiver, with the recommendation as may be required of the Planning Director and pursuant to the standards of the Miami 21 Code. 3. To assist the Code Enforcement Department to enforce vigorously the provisions of the Miami 21 Code. 4. To maintain records of all official administrative actions. 5. To decide questions of zoning interpretation pursuant to Section 7.1.2.3 of this Code. 6. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 231/614 7.1.1.2 Planning Director a. Functions, powers and duties. A Planning Director, appointed by and responsible to the City Manager, shall be responsible for administration of the Miami 21 Code, as provided herein, with such assistance as the City Manager may direct. For purposes of this Code, the functions, powers and duties of the Planning Director more specifically include: 1. To make determinations concerning Uses where there is substantial doubt as to whether a particular Use or Uses, or classes of Uses, or characteristics of Use not specifically identified in the Miami 21 Code are of the same general character as those listed as permitted, Warrant or Exception Uses, either upon request from any administrative agency or officer of the city or upon his own initiative. 2. To approve, deny or approve with conditions any applications for Warrant, upon review by members of the Coordinated Review Committee as the Director may request, and pursuant to the standards of the Miami 21 Code. 3. To review and provide findings and recommendations to the Zoning Administrator regarding certain applications for administrative Waiver pursuant to the standards of the Miami 21 Code. 4. To prepare recommendations regarding an application for Exception, upon review by members of the Coordinated Review Committee as the Director may request, and to certify the application and accompanying recommendations to be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards for consideration by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board . 5. To prepare recommendations regarding an application for Variance and to certify the application and accompanying recommendations to be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards for consideration by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. 6. To prepare recommendations regarding an application for amendment to the Miami 21 Code, including rezoning, and to certify the

an application for Exception, upon review by members of the Coordinated Review Committee as the Director may request, and to certify the application and accompanying recommendations to be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards for consideration by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board . 5. To prepare recommendations regarding an application for Variance and to certify the application and accompanying recommendations to be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards for consideration by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. 6. To prepare recommendations regarding an application for amendment to the Miami 21 Code, including rezoning, and to certify the application and accompanying recommendations to be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards for consideration by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board and the City Commission. 7. To prepare recommendations regarding an application for a Special Area Plan, and to certify the application and accompanying recommendations to be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards for consideration by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board and the City Commission. 8. To coordinate and chair the work of the Coordinated Review Committee. 9. To serve in an advisory capacity on Miami 21 Code matters to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, the City Commission, and other officers or agencies of the city, and to prepare such reports as may be appropriate in that capacity. 10. To make referrals to the Urban Development Review Board (UDRB) as defined in Chapter 62 of the City Code for projects that exceed 200,000 square feet or as the Director may deem necessary. 7.1.1.3 Coordinate Review Committee a. Establishment There is hereby established a committee to be known as the Coordinated Review Committee. The Coordinated Review Committee shall consist of the following members: the Planning Director who shall serve as the chair of the committee, the Zoning Administrator, the City Attorney, and the Public Works Director, and other city, county, school board and governmental and utility officials with the necessary expertise that the Planning Director may require for any particular application review. b. Functions, powers and duties The Coordinated Review Committee shall provide review of applications for Warrants and for Exceptions, and for Special Area Plans, pursuant to the review criteria of Section 7.1.2 and Article 3, Section 3.9, as the case may be. The Planning Director shall determine to which members of the committee any particular application shall be referred for review and advice. The committee shall meet together only as requested by the Planning Director. Upon the Planning Director’s request, the review reports of each member shall be provided to the Planning Director, who shall consider them in making a decision regarding an application for a Warrant and in making a recommendation to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board regarding an application for an Exception or for a Special Area Plan. c. Notice To participate in the review of Warrants and Exceptions. 7. To serve in an advisory capacity on zoning matters to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, the City Commission, and other officers

shall meet together only as requested by the Planning Director. Upon the Planning Director’s request, the review reports of each member shall be provided to the Planning Director, who shall consider them in making a decision regarding an application for a Warrant and in making a recommendation to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board regarding an application for an Exception or for a Special Area Plan. c. Notice To participate in the review of Warrants and Exceptions. 7. To serve in an advisory capacity on zoning matters to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, the City Commission, and other officers or agencies of the City, and to prepare such reports as may be appropriate in that capacity. 8. To review and issue sign permits. 9. To determine whether changes made to applications are substantial modifications pursuant to Section 7.1.3 that require additional review and evaluation by city staff or a new notice prior to a hearing. 10. It shall be the duty of all employees of the city, and especially of all officers and inspectors of the Department of Planning, Department of Building, Office of Zoning, the Fire Rescue Department, and the Police Department, to report to the Code Enforcement Department any suspected violations of the Miami 21 Code. b. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 232/614 The applicant shall be given an opportunity, upon a minimum of seven days’ notice, to attend any meeting, if any, of the Coordinated Review Committee that may be held to review and evaluate its application. Failure of the applicant to appear shall result in the withdrawal of the item from the committee meeting agenda. The applicant shall receive notice of the Planning Director’s preliminary decision or recommendation on its application, as applicable, at least twenty-one (21) calendar days prior to the Director’s final decision or recommendation. Within fourteen (14) calendar days of receipt of notice, the applicant may request an opportunity to revise its application or provide additional information to address any comments or concerns raised by the Coordinated Review Committee. If such a request is made, the Director’s final decision or recommendation shall not be issued until the applicant has had a reasonable opportunity, as determined by the Planning Director, to make its revisions or to provide additional information. 7.1.1.4 Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board There is hereby established a board to be known as the city Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall consist of eleven voting members, one alternate member to be appointed in the manner hereinafter set out in this section, and one ex-officio, non-voting member appointed by the school board. The school board appointee shall be invited to attend such meetings at which comprehensive plan amendments, re- zonings and Special Area Plans are considered which, if granted, increase residential Density. The school board appointee shall not be counted in determining whether a quorum is present at any meeting. b. Functions, Powers and Duties The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board with the assistance of the

Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall consist of eleven voting members, one alternate member to be appointed in the manner hereinafter set out in this section, and one ex-officio, non-voting member appointed by the school board. The school board appointee shall be invited to attend such meetings at which comprehensive plan amendments, re- zonings and Special Area Plans are considered which, if granted, increase residential Density. The school board appointee shall not be counted in determining whether a quorum is present at any meeting. b. Functions, Powers and Duties The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board with the assistance of the planning department and all other city departments as necessary, shall have the functions, duties and powers as follows: 1. To act as the local planning agency pursuant to section 163.3174, Florida Statutes. 2. To serve as the local land development regulation commission pursuant to section 163.3194(2), Florida Statutes. 3. To prepare and recommend to the City Commission ordinances, regulations and other proposals promoting orderly development of the city. 4. To make or cause to be made any necessary special studies on the location, adequacy and conditions of specific facilities of the city. These may include, but are not limited to, studies on housing, commercial and industrial conditions and public facilities, recreation, public and private utilities, conservation of natural resources, roads and traffic, transportation, parking and the like. 5. To determine whether proposed developments of regional impact conform to the requirements of the Miami 21 Code, and with section 380.06, Florida Statutes, and to make recommendations to the City Commission in that regard. When acting in this capacity, its work shall be deemed advisory and recommendatory, and only advisory and recommendatory, to the City Commission. 6. To determine whether Special Area Plans and rezonings that are regulated by the Miami 21 Code conform to the requirements of the Miami 21 Code, and to make recommendations to the City Commission in that regard. When acting in this capacity, its work shall be deemed advisory and recommendatory, and only advisory and recommendatory, to the City Commission. 7. To determine whether specific proposed developments that are regulated by the Miami 21 Code and that require an approval of an Exception conform to the requirements of the Miami 21 Code. In performing its authority to grant, deny or grant with conditions an Exception, the board shall serve as a quasi- judicial body and observe the requirements of quasi-judicial procedures as set out in the Miami 21 Code and under applicable state law. 8. Rescission: The board, after a quasi-judicial hearing, may rescind, modify or change any resolution granting an Exception if, upon application filed by the Director at any time after the grant of an Exception, the board finds that there has been a violation of any conditions, restrictions or limitations in the subject resolution. Such a hearing shall not be held until published notice (per section 62-129 of the City Code) has first been given. If the Director, upon written request of any aggrieved

requirements of quasi-judicial procedures as set out in the Miami 21 Code and under applicable state law. 8. Rescission: The board, after a quasi-judicial hearing, may rescind, modify or change any resolution granting an Exception if, upon application filed by the Director at any time after the grant of an Exception, the board finds that there has been a violation of any conditions, restrictions or limitations in the subject resolution. Such a hearing shall not be held until published notice (per section 62-129 of the City Code) has first been given. If the Director, upon written request of any aggrieved party, refuses or fails to make an application for such rescission, modification or change, the aggrieved party may request the City Commission, through the City Manager, to instruct the Director to do so. The decision of the board shall be appealable to the City Commission in the same manner as an appeal of a board decision regarding an Exception. 9. To determine whether an application for a Variance conforms to the requirements of the Miami 21 Code. In performing its authority to grant, deny or grant with conditions a Variance, the board shall serve as a quasi-judicial body and observe the requirements of quasi-judicial procedures as set out in the Miami 21 Code and under applicable state law. 10. To hear, de novo, and make a ruling on an appeal of the following administrative decisions: In performing its appeal authority, the board shall serve as a quasi-judicial body and observe the requirements of quasi-judicial procedures as set out in this Code and under applicable state law. 11. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall perform such other functions as may be given it by the City Commission. c. Appointments; qualifications Establishment a. A Planning Determination of Use by the Planning Director; (a) The decision of the Zoning Administrator regarding a Waiver; (b) The decision of the Planning Director regarding a Warrant; (c) A zoning interpretation by the Zoning Administrator; (d) The decision of the Zoning Administrator regarding a denial or revocation of a Certificate of Use. (e) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 233/614 d. Proceedings of the Board 1. Officers and voting. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall select a chairman and vice-chairman from among its members and may create and fill such other offices as it may determine. All members, or the alternate member sitting in the place of a member, shall be required to vote on matters before the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, subject to the provisions of subsections (e) and (f) of this section and applicable Florida Statutes. The Planning Director shall attend all meetings of the board. The Office of Hearing Boards, or its successor, shall be the executive secretary of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. 2. Rules of procedure. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall establish rules of procedure necessary to its governing and the conduct of its affairs, in keeping with the applicable provisions of Florida law, and the City

of a member, shall be required to vote on matters before the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, subject to the provisions of subsections (e) and (f) of this section and applicable Florida Statutes. The Planning Director shall attend all meetings of the board. The Office of Hearing Boards, or its successor, shall be the executive secretary of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. 2. Rules of procedure. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall establish rules of procedure necessary to its governing and the conduct of its affairs, in keeping with the applicable provisions of Florida law, and the City charter, ordinances and resolutions. Such rules of procedure shall be available in written form to persons appearing before the board and to the public upon request. Quasi-judicial procedures as provided in this Miami 21 Code and as required by state law shall apply to its decisions and recommendations, including rezoning; Special Area Plans; Exceptions; Variances; and appeal decisions by the board. 3. Meetings. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall hold at least two regularly scheduled meetings each month, except the month of August, on days to be determined by the board. Other regularly scheduled meetings may be set by the board, and additional meetings may be held at the call of the chairman and at such other times as the board may determine. Meetings that are not regularly scheduled shall not be held without at least ten (10) days written notice to each member and the alternate member, provided that upon concurrence of the chairman of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board and the city manager, an emergency meeting may be called at any time and with appropriate notice. 4. Quorum; public records. Quorum requirements are governed by the provisions of section 2-887 of the City Code. However, no action to recommend adoption of amendments to the city Comprehensive Plan, or to recommend the amendment of the text of the Miami 21 Code, rezoning, or Special Area Plan, or to approve an Exception shall be taken without the concurring votes of a supermajority of board members present. Said supermajority consists of one (1) more member than a simple majority. The Executive Secretary of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall keep minutes of board Nomination. Each City Commissioner shall nominate candidates to serve the terms of two members of the board, taking into consideration the required qualifications for membership as provided herein. 1. Terms of office. The terms of office shall be as provided under section 2-885 of the City Code. 2. Qualifications. It is intended that members and alternate members of the board be persons of knowledge, experience, mature judgment, and background; having ability and desire to act in the public interest; and representing, insofar as may be possible, the various special professional training, experience, and interests required to make informed and equitable decisions concerning preservation and appropriate development of the physical environment. To that end, qualifications of members and the alternate member shall be as follows: 3.

as provided herein. 1. Terms of office. The terms of office shall be as provided under section 2-885 of the City Code. 2. Qualifications. It is intended that members and alternate members of the board be persons of knowledge, experience, mature judgment, and background; having ability and desire to act in the public interest; and representing, insofar as may be possible, the various special professional training, experience, and interests required to make informed and equitable decisions concerning preservation and appropriate development of the physical environment. To that end, qualifications of members and the alternate member shall be as follows: 3. Eleven (11) members and one alternate shall be from the electorate of the City of Miami with demonstrated knowledge and interest in the appropriate growth and development of the city. (a) The City Commission shall appoint the board members from the nominations made by each City Commissioner, for ten members of the board. The mayor shall appoint one member and the alternate member. Appointees shall be persons in a position to represent the public interest, and no person shall be appointed having personal or private interests likely to conflict with the public interest. No person shall be appointed who has any interest in the profits or emoluments of any contract, job, work, or service for the City. No person shall be appointed who holds any elective office or is employed in a full-time capacity by any governmental authority in the county or the City. Before making any appointment, the City Commission shall determine that the person so appointed satisfies the requirements of sections 2-611 et seq. of the City Code, and no person shall be confirmed in appointment who has not filed the statement required by section 2-615 of the City Code. In addition, the code of ethics of Miami-Dade County shall apply to members and the alternate member of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. 4. Persons appointed shall be electors of the City and otherwise meet the requirements of Chapter 2, Article XI of the City Code. 5. No member or alternate member of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall be confirmed in his appointment until he signs a statement agreeing to participate in at least one seminar on planning or zoning to be held in Florida or elsewhere, and approved by the City, during the course of each calendar year he shall remain a member or alternate member of the board. Failure to meet this requirement each and every year after assuming board membership or alternate membership may be grounds for removal. 6. Vacancies 7. Vacancies in the membership or alternate membership of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall be filled by the City Commission and mayor by appointment in the manner herein set out and for the unexpired term of the member or alternate member affected, provided the City Commission may appoint an alternate member of the board to a vacancy as a full member of the board without resort to the procedural requirements

alternate member of the board. Failure to meet this requirement each and every year after assuming board membership or alternate membership may be grounds for removal. 6. Vacancies 7. Vacancies in the membership or alternate membership of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall be filled by the City Commission and mayor by appointment in the manner herein set out and for the unexpired term of the member or alternate member affected, provided the City Commission may appoint an alternate member of the board to a vacancy as a full member of the board without resort to the procedural requirements of paragraph (1) above. (a) The executive secretary of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall notify the City Clerk within ten days after a vacancy occurs, and the City Clerk shall promptly transmit such information to the City Commission for appropriate commission action as set out herein. (b) Educational Component. The City Commission shall make provision for the payment of actual and necessary expenses, in accordance with City policy, for the attendance of each member and alternate member of the board at one City-authorized planning or zoning seminar or conference each calendar year. The City Manager, City Attorney and City Clerk shall coordinate and present or cause to be presented said seminar or conference and make such course available at least annually. 8. Removal 9. Members and alternate members of the board are removed if replaced by another member pursuant to this applicable Sections of this subsection (c). (a) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 234/614 proceedings, showing the vote of each member or alternate member, if sitting for a member, or if absent or failing to vote under paragraphs five (5) and six (6) below, indicating such fact. It shall be the responsibility of the executive secretary of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board to handle all procedural activities for all public hearings held by the board, including the preparation of detailed minutes and official records of such hearings. The official records of such public hearings shall be filed with the City Clerk. 5. Status of alternate member. In the temporary absence or disability of a member, or in an instance where a member is otherwise disqualified to sit on a particular matter, the chairman of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, or the vice-chairman in his absence, shall designate the alternate member to sit as a board member to obtain a full membership of eleven or, as nearly as possible, a full membership. When so acting, the alternate member shall have full rights of participation and voting as members; his vote shall be deemed that of a member in reaching a decision on a matter. In instances where the alternate member is not sitting as a member, he shall have the right to participate in board discussions and to ask questions, but he shall have no right to vote or make motions. Where the alternate member has been duly designated to sit as a member on a particular

to obtain a full membership of eleven or, as nearly as possible, a full membership. When so acting, the alternate member shall have full rights of participation and voting as members; his vote shall be deemed that of a member in reaching a decision on a matter. In instances where the alternate member is not sitting as a member, he shall have the right to participate in board discussions and to ask questions, but he shall have no right to vote or make motions. Where the alternate member has been duly designated to sit as a member on a particular matter and consideration of that matter has begun, the alternate shall continue to sit as a board member through disposition of the matter; and he shall not be replaced, should the member in whose stead he is sitting later be present. 6. Disqualification of members or alternate. If any member of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board or the alternate member called on to sit in a particular matter shall find that his private or personal interests are involved in the matter coming before the board, he shall, prior to the opening of the hearing on the matter, disqualify himself from all participation of whatsoever nature in the cause. Alternatively, he may be disqualified by the votes of not less than six (6) members of the board, not including the member or alternate member about whom the question of disqualification has been raised. No member or alternate member of the Board may appear before the City Commission, Planning Advisory Board, Zoning Board or Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board as agent or attorney for any other person. e. All city departments and employees shall, under the direction of city manager and upon request and within a reasonable time, furnish to the Planning Department such available records or information as may be required in the work of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. The city manager shall assign a member of the Public Works Department, Planning Department, Zoning Office, Neighborhood Enhancement Team, the Code Enforcement Department and Fire-Rescue Department, or their successors, to attend public hearings of the Board and to advise the board when necessary, and to furnish information, reports and recommendations upon request of the board. The city attorney shall attend public hearings of the board to advise the board when necessary and to furnish information, reports and recommendations upon request of the board. f. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board or representatives of the Planning Department may, in the performance of official duties, enter upon lands and make examinations or surveys in the same manner as other authorized city agents or employees and shall have other powers as are required for the performance of official functions in carrying out the purposes and responsibilities of the board. 7.1.1.5 City Commission The City Commission, in addition to its duties and obligations under the City Charter, the City Code, and other applicable law, shall have the following duties specifically in regard to

request of the board. f. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board or representatives of the Planning Department may, in the performance of official duties, enter upon lands and make examinations or surveys in the same manner as other authorized city agents or employees and shall have other powers as are required for the performance of official functions in carrying out the purposes and responsibilities of the board. 7.1.1.5 City Commission The City Commission, in addition to its duties and obligations under the City Charter, the City Code, and other applicable law, shall have the following duties specifically in regard to the Miami 21 Code: 7.1.2 Permits The permits that may be necessary to develop property under the Miami 21 Code include the following: Warrant; Waiver; Exception; Variance; and amendment to the Code (including text amendments, rezoning and Special Area Plans). The permits are illustrated in Article 7, Diagram 14. In addition, certain approvals may be necessary to confirm that uses are permitted uses under the Code, which are zoning approval (by right), certificate of use, planning determination, or zoning interpretation. Permits issued in error shall convey no rights to any party. The Zoning Administrator shall require corrections to be made unless construction has commenced on that portion of the construction that was permitted in error. To approve, deny or approve with conditions applications for developments of regional impact pursuant to Chapter 380, Florida Statutes. a. To consider and act upon proposed amendments, including rezoning, to the Miami 21 Code, after consideration of the recommendation by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. b. To consider and act upon proposed Special Area Plans, after consideration of the recommendation by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. c. To consider and act upon proposed amendments to the Comprehensive Plan which relate to the Miami 21 Code, after consideration of the recommendation by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. d. To hear appeals of the ruling of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board on the appeal of a zoning interpretation, Certificate of Use denial or revocation, planning determination of Use, Warrant, Variance or Exception. e. To consider and adopt ordinances, regulations and other proposals as it deems appropriate for promoting orderly development within the areas of the city that are regulated by the Miami 21 Code. f. To establish a schedule of fees and charges for the applications made pursuant to the Miami 21 Code. g. To appoint members to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, as set forward in this Miami 21 Code. h. To hear appeals from the Planning and Zoning Appeals Board in connection with decisions on a Variance or Exception, or any appeals of any administrative decision on a Waiver or Warrant application, or any other administrative decision or determination made in connection with a proposed Affordable Housing Development qualifying under Section 3.15. Such appeals shall be specially set for the first available City Commission hearing that is at least fifteen (15) days after the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board hearing.

g. To appoint members to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, as set forward in this Miami 21 Code. h. To hear appeals from the Planning and Zoning Appeals Board in connection with decisions on a Variance or Exception, or any appeals of any administrative decision on a Waiver or Warrant application, or any other administrative decision or determination made in connection with a proposed Affordable Housing Development qualifying under Section 3.15. Such appeals shall be specially set for the first available City Commission hearing that is at least fifteen (15) days after the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board hearing. i. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 235/614 7.1.2.1 Permitted Uses A building permit for those permitted Uses as set forth in Article 4, Table 3 of this Code shall be approved By Right when the Use meets all of the applicable standards of the Miami 21 Code, and the other specific requirements that may be enumerated elsewhere in the City Code. 7.1.2.2 City Request for Planning Determination of Use Where there is substantial doubt as to whether a particular Use, or classes of Uses not specifically identified in the Miami 21 Code are of the same general character as those listed as permitted, by Warrant or by Exception, the Planning Director shall make a written determination in the matter. The Planning Director shall give due consideration to the intent of this Miami 21 Code concerning the Transect Zone involved and the character of the Use in question. Requests for such determinations shall be made only by officers or agencies of the City and may originate during the permit process. However, such requests shall not involve those circumstances where the Zoning Administrator has made a negative finding on a zoning interpretation, in which case appeal may be taken to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board and then to the City Commission, as set forth in Section 7.1.2.3. a. Notifications concerning determinations. Upon making the determination, the Planning Director shall notify any other officer or agency of the city likely to be affected by such ruling. Additionally, notice of the determination shall be published to the public on the official city website. b. Effect of findings. If, in making the determination, the Planning Director finds that the particular Use or class of Use or characteristics of Use are of unusual or transitory nature, or are unlikely to recur frequently, and unless his determination is reversed on grounds of error on appeal to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board or the Zoning approval A building permit shall be issued only after a zoning approval from the Zoning Administrator has been obtained indicating that the application meets the applicable provisions of the Miami 21 Code. Upon an affirmative finding by the Zoning Administrator that plans and application submitted are complete and in compliance with the applicable requirements of the Miami 21 Code, an approval shall be entered on the application and on the applicable building permit and, if otherwise lawful, the permit shall be

determination is reversed on grounds of error on appeal to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board or the Zoning approval A building permit shall be issued only after a zoning approval from the Zoning Administrator has been obtained indicating that the application meets the applicable provisions of the Miami 21 Code. Upon an affirmative finding by the Zoning Administrator that plans and application submitted are complete and in compliance with the applicable requirements of the Miami 21 Code, an approval shall be entered on the application and on the applicable building permit and, if otherwise lawful, the permit shall be issued to the applicant, together with one copy of the approved plan. If the application and plan are not in full in compliance with the requirements of the Miami 21 Code, the application shall not be approved and the applicant notified in writing of the reasons for such decision, with citation to the legal authority for any denial of a permit. a. Certificate of Use b. For new or altered Structures and Uses. No person shall Use or permit the Use of any Structure or premises hereafter created, erected, changed, converted, enlarged or moved, wholly or partly, in Use or in Structure, until a Certificate of Use reflecting Use, extent, location, and other matters related to Miami 21 Code shall have been issued to the owner or tenant. Application shall be made to the Zoning Administrator on forms provided therefore. The Zoning Administrator shall issue the Certificate of Use (or to approve its issuance where final responsibility for issuance lies with other officers or agencies) if he finds that all the requirements of this Miami 21 Code have been met, and to withhold such certificate (or to prohibit its issuance) unless he finds that all of the requirements of this Miami 21 Code have been met. If the Certificate of Use is denied, the denial shall provide a citation to the legal authority for any denial. No Certificate of Use is necessary for fewer than three (3) Single-Family Structures, attached or detached, on a Lot or for fewer than two (2) duplex Structures on a Lot. 1. Certificates of Use for other existing Uses. Any owner or tenant engaged in existing Use of Structures or premises, other than a nonconforming Use at the time of the adoption of this Miami 21 Code, may apply for a Certificate of Use certifying that such Use is lawful under this Code. The Zoning Administrator if necessary shall inspect to determine the facts in the case and to either issue the certificate if the administrator finds the Use lawful, or to withhold the certificate and take such remedial action as is appropriate if the administrator finds otherwise. A denial shall include a citation to the legal authority for the denial. 2. No Certificate of Use shall be issued for units or premises within Buildings for which code compliance proceedings attributable thereto are pending. No Certificate of Use shall be issued for Buildings for which

that such Use is lawful under this Code. The Zoning Administrator if necessary shall inspect to determine the facts in the case and to either issue the certificate if the administrator finds the Use lawful, or to withhold the certificate and take such remedial action as is appropriate if the administrator finds otherwise. A denial shall include a citation to the legal authority for the denial. 2. No Certificate of Use shall be issued for units or premises within Buildings for which code compliance proceedings attributable thereto are pending. No Certificate of Use shall be issued for Buildings for which code compliance proceedings attributable to the entirety of the Building are pending. For units or premises not attributable to a violation within a Building, a temporary Certificate of Use, not to exceed eighteen (18) months in duration, may be issued once a permit required to cure an existing violation(s), has been submitted with a complete application. The temporary Certificate of Use may not be renewed if such work required by the permit is not completed and the permit closed. For the purpose of this subsection, code compliance proceedings shall not be considered pending if the Code Compliance Department has determined the violation to have been abated and if unpaid, the violation is pending a mitigation hearing as outlined in the City Code. These prohibitions shall not apply to buildings owned by governmental entities. 3. Zoning Approval or Certificates of Use issued by the Zoning Administrator on the basis of plans and applications authorize only the Use, arrangement, and construction set forth in the approved plans and applications, subject to any conditions or safeguards attached thereto, and no other. Use, arrangement, or construction at variance with that authorized, or failure to observe conditions and safeguards, shall be deemed a violation of this Miami 21 Code. c. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 236/614 City Commission, the determination shall thereafter be binding on all officers and agencies of the city as an administrative ruling, and without further action on or amendment to the Miami 21 Code. Where the Planning Director finds, in making the determination, that the particular Use or class of Use or characteristics of Use are likely to be common or recurrent, and that omission of specific reference in the Miami 21 Code is likely to lead to public uncertainty and confusion, the Director shall initiate a proposed amendment to the Miami 21 Code to rectify the omission. Until final action has been taken on such proposed amendment, the determination of the Director shall be binding on all officers and agencies of the city as an interim administrative ruling. c. Appeal to Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board An appeal of a planning determination, if sought, shall be de novo and taken to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, and must be initiated within fifteen (15) calendar days of the publication of the determination on the City’s official website. The appeal shall be filed with the Hearing Boards Office. The Board shall

Miami 21 Code to rectify the omission. Until final action has been taken on such proposed amendment, the determination of the Director shall be binding on all officers and agencies of the city as an interim administrative ruling. c. Appeal to Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board An appeal of a planning determination, if sought, shall be de novo and taken to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, and must be initiated within fifteen (15) calendar days of the publication of the determination on the City’s official website. The appeal shall be filed with the Hearing Boards Office. The Board shall determine whether the administrative determination is upheld or rescinded. The ruling of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board may be further appealed to the City Commission, de novo and must be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards within fifteen (15) calendar days of the Board’s issuance of its ruling. The filing of the appeal shall state the specific reasons for such appeal, together with payment of any required fee. The appeal may be filed only by the applicant or any person who is aggrieved by the action of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. 7.1.2.3 Zoning Interpretation Except where the Miami 21 Code specifically places responsibility in other officers or agencies, questions of interpretation of this Code shall first be presented to the Zoning Administrator. a. Notifications concerning interpretations. Upon making his interpretation, the Zoning Administrator shall notify the party requesting the interpretation, as well as any other officer or agency of the City likely to be affected by such ruling the official representatives of all registered neighborhood and homeowner associations in the designated area applicable to the subject property, and the City shall post the interpretation on the City’s official website. b. Appeal to Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. An appeal of a zoning interpretation, if sought, shall be de novo and presented to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board within fifteen (15) calendar days of the publication of the interpretation on the City’s official website. The appeal shall be filed with the Hearing Boards Office. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall determine whether the administrative interpretation is upheld or rescinded. The ruling of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board may be further appealed to the City Commission, de novo and must be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards within fifteen (15) calendar days of the Board’s issuance of its ruling. The filing of the appeal shall state the specific reasons for such appeal, together with payment of any required fee. The appeal may be filed only by the applicant or any person who is aggrieved by the action of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. 7.1.2.4 Warrant The Warrant permits those Uses listed in Article 4, Table 3 of this Code as requiring a Warrant, upon review by the Planning Director or with the additional review of the Coordinated Review Committee. a. Prior to submitting an application for a Warrant, the prospective applicant shall meet

Board’s issuance of its ruling. The filing of the appeal shall state the specific reasons for such appeal, together with payment of any required fee. The appeal may be filed only by the applicant or any person who is aggrieved by the action of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. 7.1.2.4 Warrant The Warrant permits those Uses listed in Article 4, Table 3 of this Code as requiring a Warrant, upon review by the Planning Director or with the additional review of the Coordinated Review Committee. a. Prior to submitting an application for a Warrant, the prospective applicant shall meet in a preapplication meeting with the Zoning Administrator and the Planning Director to obtain information and guidance as to matters related to the proposed application. b. Required notice and hearing. At the time of submitting the application to the Department of Planning, the applicant shall notify all Abutting property owners, including those across a street or alley, by certified mail. In the case of Abutting condominiums, only one notice to the condominium association need be sent. Additionally, at the time of submitting the application, the applicant shall obtain from the Department of Planning the list of all registered Neighborhood and homeowner associations in the designated area applicable to the subject property and shall notify the official representatives of all such registered associations, by certified mail, of the application. Neighborhood and homeowner associations who wish to receive such notice must register on an annual basis at the City Manager’s Office, or its designated City Department. The applicant shall submit the certified receipts from all notices to the Department of Planning at the time of application. The decision on a Warrant shall be posted on the City website within five (5) days of the written decision. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 237/614 c. Review and approval process. 1. The Planning Director shall review each submitted application for a Warrant for completeness. If the Warrant application involves a project in excess of two hundred thousand (200,000) square feet of floor area, it shall be referred to the Coordinated Review Committee, which shall review the application and provide its comments and recommendations to the Planning Director. 2. Applications for projects equal to or less than two hundred thousand (200,000) square feet of floor area shall be reviewed by the Planning Director and the Zoning Administrator without need for review by the Coordinated Review Committee, unless the Planning Director determines that review by the Coordinated Review Committee is necessary. Where there is no referral to the Coordinated Review Committee, the Planning Director shall issue an intended decision within twenty-one (21) calendar days of a determination that the application is complete. The applicant shall have seven (7) calendar days from receipt of the notice of the intended decision to request a conference with the Planning Director to discuss revisions or additional information regarding the application. Within ten (10) calendar days of the conference, or if no conference is requested, the Planning Director shall issue written findings

unless the Planning Director determines that review by the Coordinated Review Committee is necessary. Where there is no referral to the Coordinated Review Committee, the Planning Director shall issue an intended decision within twenty-one (21) calendar days of a determination that the application is complete. The applicant shall have seven (7) calendar days from receipt of the notice of the intended decision to request a conference with the Planning Director to discuss revisions or additional information regarding the application. Within ten (10) calendar days of the conference, or if no conference is requested, the Planning Director shall issue written findings and determinations regarding the applicable criteria set forth in this section and any other applicable regulations. The applicant and the Planning Director may mutually consent to an extension of the time for issuance of the final decision. The findings and determinations shall be used to approve, approve with conditions or deny the Warrant application. 3. The Planning Director shall approve, approve with conditions or deny the Warrant application, but in no event shall a Warrant be issued prior to thirty (30) days from the time the notice of the application is provided to the registered neighborhood homeowner associations. Approvals shall be granted when the application complies with all applicable regulations; conditional approvals shall be issued when the applications require conditions in order to be found in compliance with all applicable regulations; denials of applications shall be issued if after conditions and safeguards have been considered, the application still fails to comply with all applicable regulations. The decision of the Director shall include an explanation of the code requirements for an appeal of the decision and shall be provided to the official representatives of all registered neighborhood and homeowner associations in the designated area applicable to the subject property, and the City shall post on the City’s website. The Director shall include a citation to the legal authority for any denial of a Warrant. 4. A Warrant shall be valid for a period of two (2) years during which a building permit or Certificate of Use must be obtained. This excludes a demolition or landscape permit. A one time extension, for a period not to exceed an additional year, may be obtained if approved by the Planning Director. d. Review criteria. As appropriate to the nature of the Warrant involved and the particular circumstances of the case, the following criteria shall apply to a Warrant application. The application shall be reviewed for compliance with this Code. The review shall consider the intent of the Transect, the guiding principles of the Miami 21 Code, and the manner in which the proposed Use will operate given its specific location and proximity to less intense Uses. The review shall also apply Article 4, Table 12, Design Review Criteria, as applicable e. Appeal to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. Appeal of the determination of the Planning Director shall be de novo and taken to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. An appeal shall be

apply to a Warrant application. The application shall be reviewed for compliance with this Code. The review shall consider the intent of the Transect, the guiding principles of the Miami 21 Code, and the manner in which the proposed Use will operate given its specific location and proximity to less intense Uses. The review shall also apply Article 4, Table 12, Design Review Criteria, as applicable e. Appeal to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. Appeal of the determination of the Planning Director shall be de novo and taken to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. An appeal shall be filed with the Hearing Boards Office within fifteen (15) calendar days of the posting of decision by the Planning Director on the City’s website. The Board shall determine whether the Warrant is upheld or rescinded. The ruling of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board may be further appealed to the City Commission, de novo and must be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards within fifteen (15) calendar days of the Board’s issuance of its ruling. The filing of the appeal shall state the specific reasons for such appeal, together with payment of any required fee. The appeal may be filed only by the applicant or any person who is aggrieved by the action of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. 7.1.2.5 Waiver The Waiver permits minor deviations from the Miami 21 Code in certain specified circumstances as provided in the various articles of this Code and as consistent with the Guiding Principles in Article 2 of this Code. Waivers are not intended to relieve speciﬁc cases of ﬁnancial hardship, nor to allow circumventing of the intent of this Code. A Waiver may not be granted if it conﬂicts with the City Code or the Florida Building Code. Specific Waivers are described in the various articles of this Code and are referenced here only for convenience. The specific parameters of each Waiver are further described in the articles in which each Waiver appears in this Code. a. Parking reductions for Elderly Housing or for Adaptive Reuses in Community Redevelopment Areas (Article 3, Section 3.6.1 and 3.6.7). 1. Setbacks for irregular Lots (Article 3, Section 3.3.3.c) 2. Setbacks for the property to be developed to match the dominant Setback in the Block and its Context. (Article 3, Section 3.3.5; Article 5, Sections 5.5.1.g, 5.6.1.g and 5.8.1.g) 3. Shared Access for adjoining Lots (Article 3, Section 3.6.3.k). 4. Barbed wire fences in D1, D2 and D3 (Article 3, Section 3.7.2). 5. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 238/614 Reserved. 6. The relaxation of Setbacks or Oﬀ-street Parking requirements for the preservation of natural features of land (Article 3, Section 3.13.1.d). 7. Decrease of required parking by thirty percent (30%) within the half-mile radius of a TOD (Article 4, Table 4). 8. Reserved. 9. Reserved. 10. Reserved. 11. Extensions above maximum Building Heights for church spires, steeples, belfries, monuments, water towers, flagpoles, vents, ornamental Building features, decorative elements, or similar Structures. (Article 3, Section

Lots (Article 3, Section 3.6.3.k). 4. Barbed wire fences in D1, D2 and D3 (Article 3, Section 3.7.2). 5. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 238/614 Reserved. 6. The relaxation of Setbacks or Oﬀ-street Parking requirements for the preservation of natural features of land (Article 3, Section 3.13.1.d). 7. Decrease of required parking by thirty percent (30%) within the half-mile radius of a TOD (Article 4, Table 4). 8. Reserved. 9. Reserved. 10. Reserved. 11. Extensions above maximum Building Heights for church spires, steeples, belfries, monuments, water towers, flagpoles, vents, ornamental Building features, decorative elements, or similar Structures. (Article 3, Section 3.5.3, Article 5, Sections 5.3.2.f; 5.4.2.g; 5.5.2.h; 5.6.2.h, 5.9.2.g and 5.10.2.g). 12. Encroachment of mechanical equipment, such as air conditioning units, pumps, exhaust fans or other similar noise producing equipment for existing Buildings (Article 5, Sections 5.3.2.d and 5.4.2.d). 13. Reserved. 14. Pedestrian and vehicular entry spacing. (Article 5, Section 5.5.1.f, 5.5.4.e, 5.6.1.f and 5.6.4.g). 15. Adjustments to Building spacing and to Setbacks above the eighth floor for Lots having one dimension one hundred (100) feet or less (Article 5, Section 5.6.1.g, and Article 5, Section 5.6.1.h). 16. Adjustments to Transect regulations in CI. (Article 5, Section 5.7.2.4.d). 17. Reserved. 18. Primary and Secondary Frontage Parking placement (Article 5, Sections 5.5.4.d, 5.5.4.e, 5.6.4.d and 5.6.4.e). 19. Reserved. 20. Gas Station Building Frontage requirement (Article 6). 21. Modifications in Setbacks up to fifty percent (50%) when Liner Uses are provided along parking Structures in Major Sports Facility. (Article 6, Table 13). 22. Replacement or reconstruction of a nonconforming Structure (other than Single-Family, duplex or multi-family) destroyed by natural disaster, explosion, fire, act of God, or the public enemy. (Article 7, Section 7.2.2.b). 23. Alterations to nonconforming Single-Family Residence or duplex Structures to enlarge a nonconformity affecting the exterior of the Building or premises. (Article 7, Section 7.2.3). 24. Development of Single Family or duplex Structures on certain nonconforming Lots in T-3 zones. (Article 7, Section 7.2.7). 25. Modification to nonconforming Off-street Parking facilities involving restoration or rehabilitation of an existing Building or an adaptive Use. (Article 7, Section 7.2.8). 26. Reserved. 27. Encroachment of stairs and ramps into the setback for existing buildings being raised above the Base Flood Elevation plus Freeboard. (Article 5, Sections 5.3.2.b, 5.4.2.b, 5.5.2.b, and 5.6.2.c) 28. As appropriate to the nature of the Waiver involved and the particular circumstances of the case, a ten percent (10%) deviation of numerical standards specified in this Code may be approved by process of Waiver. Application of this Waiver shall be consistent with the Guiding Principles in Article 2, promote the intent of the particular Transect Zone, and be in compliance with the criteria listed in subsections (a), (b), or (c). A ten percent (10%) Waiver shall not be combined with any other specified Waiver of the same standard. 29. A ten percent (10%) Waiver shall not be applied to the following standards: (a) Density; 1) Intensity; 2) Height; 3) Floorplate Area and Length; 4) Access aisle width; 5) Loading

deviation of numerical standards specified in this Code may be approved by process of Waiver. Application of this Waiver shall be consistent with the Guiding Principles in Article 2, promote the intent of the particular Transect Zone, and be in compliance with the criteria listed in subsections (a), (b), or (c). A ten percent (10%) Waiver shall not be combined with any other specified Waiver of the same standard. 29. A ten percent (10%) Waiver shall not be applied to the following standards: (a) Density; 1) Intensity; 2) Height; 3) Floorplate Area and Length; 4) Access aisle width; 5) Loading berth type and size dimensional standards (except for vertical clearance); 6) Lot Coverage where a Flexible Lot Coverage program is available; 7) Side and Rear Setbacks on a T5 or T6 Lot for those sides or rear Lot lines sharing an adjacent property line to a T3 Lot; or 8) Distance thresholds triggering the requirement of a cross-Clock Passage. 9) A ten percent (10%) Waiver may be applied to Setbacks, Minimum Building Separation above the eighth (8) floor, and Lot Coverage in a T3 Transect Zone (excluding those items listed in subsection (a) above) as follows: It is demonstrated that the Lot has one (1) or more atypical condition(s) as listed below and as such a ten (10%) percent Waiver is justified so as to not disadvantage the Development as compared to a Lot lacking such condition(s). (b) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 239/614 7.1.2.6 Exception As identified in Article 4, Table 3 of this Code, a Use may be permitted by Exception in specific Transect Zones if it conforms to criteria of this Miami 21 Code. Exceptions may also be permitted as provided in this Code, such as for adjustments to nonconformities as provided in Section 7.2. Except as otherwise Non-conforming Lots; 1) Dedications greater than five percent (5%) of the Lot area; 2) Existing legal Buildings that are proposed to remain on the Lot; 3) An irregular shaped Lot; 4) A Lot with an atypical geographical elevation change; 5) Restrictive Easements; or 6) A Lot with an atypical characteristic uncommon to the majority of Lots similarly situated in the City though such characteristic may be common amongst such Lots in the immediate subdivision or Neighborhood. 7) A ten percent (10%) Waiver may be applied to other standards of this Code (excluding those items listed in (a) and (b) above) where there is a practical difficulty in complying with the strict requirements of this Code. (c) Reductions in Parking and Setback requirements for Affordable and Workforce Housing (Article 3, Section 3.15.4.d, 3.15.4.i, 3.15.5.b., and 3.16.4.b.) 30. Off-street Loading Requirements in Downtown Flagler Parking and Loading Improvement District (Article 3, Section 3.6.9.b., Article 4, Table 4) 31. Adjustments to Waterfront Walkway Design Standards (Article 3, Section 3.11.a.2.2 and 3.11.b.6.) 32. Adjustments to Height of Fences and Walls for Major Facilities in CI-HD (Article 5, Section 5.8.2.h) 33. Prior to submitting an application for an administrative Waiver, the prospective applicant shall

above) where there is a practical difficulty in complying with the strict requirements of this Code. (c) Reductions in Parking and Setback requirements for Affordable and Workforce Housing (Article 3, Section 3.15.4.d, 3.15.4.i, 3.15.5.b., and 3.16.4.b.) 30. Off-street Loading Requirements in Downtown Flagler Parking and Loading Improvement District (Article 3, Section 3.6.9.b., Article 4, Table 4) 31. Adjustments to Waterfront Walkway Design Standards (Article 3, Section 3.11.a.2.2 and 3.11.b.6.) 32. Adjustments to Height of Fences and Walls for Major Facilities in CI-HD (Article 5, Section 5.8.2.h) 33. Prior to submitting an application for an administrative Waiver, the prospective applicant shall meet in a preapplication meeting with the Zoning Administrator to obtain information and guidance as to matters related to the proposed application. b. Required notice and hearing. At the time of submitting the application to the Office of Zoning, the applicant shall notify all Abutting property owners, including those across a street or alley, by certified mail. In the case of Abutting condominiums, only one notice, by certified mail, to the condominium association shall be sent. Additionally, at the time of initial application, the applicant shall obtain from the Department of Planning the list of all registered Neighborhood and homeowner associations in the designated area applicable to the subject property and shall notify the official representatives of such registered associations, by certified mail, of the application. Neighborhood and homeowner associations who wish to receive such notice must register on an annual basis at the City Manager’s Office, or its designated City Department. The applicant shall submit the certified receipt(s) from all notices to the Office of Zoning at the time of submitting the application. The decision on a Waiver shall be posted on the City website within five (5) days of the written decision. c. Review criteria and approval process. The Zoning Administrator shall review the Waiver application, as required under this Code, in regard to compliance with the standards applicable to the specific Waiver and guiding principles in Article 2 of the Miami 21 Code. Recommendations and findings from the Planning Director shall be forwarded to the Zoning Administrator when applicable or when requested by the Zoning Administrator. The review by the Planning Director shall apply Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. Based on these findings, and the applicable findings and determinations of the Zoning Administrator, the Zoning Administrator will issue a final decision on the Waiver request within ten (10) calendar days of receiving the Planning Director’s recommendation and findings. The application shall be approved, approved with conditions or denied. A citation to the legal authority shall be included for any denial of a Waiver. In no event shall a Waiver be issued prior to thirty (30) days from the time the notice of the application is provided to the registered neighborhood homeowner associations. The decision of the Zoning Administrator shall include an explanation of the code requirements for an appeal of the decision and shall be provided to the registered neighborhood homeowner associations by

Waiver request within ten (10) calendar days of receiving the Planning Director’s recommendation and findings. The application shall be approved, approved with conditions or denied. A citation to the legal authority shall be included for any denial of a Waiver. In no event shall a Waiver be issued prior to thirty (30) days from the time the notice of the application is provided to the registered neighborhood homeowner associations. The decision of the Zoning Administrator shall include an explanation of the code requirements for an appeal of the decision and shall be provided to the registered neighborhood homeowner associations by distributing the Waiver to the official representatives of all registered neighborhood and homeowner associations in the designated area applicable to the subject property, and the City shall post on the City’s website. Approvals shall be granted when the application complies with all applicable regulations; conditional approvals shall be issued when such applications require conditions in order to be found in compliance with all applicable regulations; denials of applications shall be issued if, after conditions and safeguards have been considered, the application still fails to comply with all applicable regulations. d. Appeal to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. Appeal of the determination of the Zoning Administrator shall be de novo and taken to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. An appeal shall be filed with the Hearing Boards Office within fifteen (15) calendar days of the posting of decision on the City’s website. e. A Waiver shall be valid for a period of two (2) years during which a building permit or Certificate of Use must be obtained. This excludes a demolition or landscape permit. A one time extension, for a period not to exceed an additional year, may be obtained upon approval by the Zoning Administrator. f. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 240/614 provided in this Code, the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall determine whether an Exception may be granted. Prior to submitting an application for an Exception under this Code, the prospective applicant shall meet in a preapplication meeting with the Zoning Administrator and the Planning Director to obtain information and guidance as to matters related to the proposed application. The Planning Director may request the attendance of other city departments to assist the applicant in submitting a complete preliminary application. a. Review by Planning Director and Coordinated Review Committee. b. The Planning Director shall determine if a submitted preliminary application is complete for purposes of further review. 1. If the Exception preliminary application meets or exceeds two hundred thousand (200,000) square feet of floor area it shall be referred to the Coordinated Review Committee, which shall review the preliminary application and provide its comments and recommendations to the Planning Director. 2. Projects equal to or less than two hundred thousand (200,000) square feet of floor area shall be reviewed by the Planning Director and the Zoning Administrator without need for review by the Coordinated Review Committee, unless the Planning Director and Zoning Administrator determine that review

a submitted preliminary application is complete for purposes of further review. 1. If the Exception preliminary application meets or exceeds two hundred thousand (200,000) square feet of floor area it shall be referred to the Coordinated Review Committee, which shall review the preliminary application and provide its comments and recommendations to the Planning Director. 2. Projects equal to or less than two hundred thousand (200,000) square feet of floor area shall be reviewed by the Planning Director and the Zoning Administrator without need for review by the Coordinated Review Committee, unless the Planning Director and Zoning Administrator determine that review by the Coordinated Review Committee is necessary. 3. As appropriate to the nature of the Exception involved and the particular circumstances of the case, the following criteria shall apply to an application for an Exception. The application shall be reviewed for compliance with the regulations of this Code and a traffic study shall be provided as required by the Planning Director. The review shall consider the manner in which the proposed Use will operate given its specific location and proximity to less intense Uses and shall apply Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria, as applicable. 4. The Director shall prepare recommendations and certify the preliminary application and accompanying recommendations to be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards for consideration by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. Upon filing with the Office of Hearing Boards the application shall be placed on the agenda of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. 5. Decision by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. c. Notice and hearing. A quasi-judicial hearing shall be held on the application for Exception. The City shall notify all owners of property within five hundred (500) feet of the Property Line of the land for which the hearing is required, by certified mail, of the time and place of the hearing by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board at least ten days in advance of the hearing. In the case of condominiums within the notification area, only one notice, by certified mail, to the condominium association shall be sent. For the purpose of this requirement, the names and addresses of property owners shall be deemed those appearing on the latest tax rolls of the City. The applicant shall provide the list of owners to the City at the time of the initial application. Additionally, the City shall notify all registered neighborhood and homeowner associations in the designated area applicable to the subject property and shall notify the official representatives of such registered associations, by certified mail, of the application. Neighborhood and homeowner associations who wish to receive such notice must register on an annual basis at the City Manager’s Office, or its designated City Department. The City shall certify at the time of the hearing that notice as herein required was given to the persons as named and with the addresses shown on the certification. The applicant shall pay for the costs of the mailings. Posting of the property

registered neighborhood and homeowner associations in the designated area applicable to the subject property and shall notify the official representatives of such registered associations, by certified mail, of the application. Neighborhood and homeowner associations who wish to receive such notice must register on an annual basis at the City Manager’s Office, or its designated City Department. The City shall certify at the time of the hearing that notice as herein required was given to the persons as named and with the addresses shown on the certification. The applicant shall pay for the costs of the mailings. Posting of the property which is the subject of the hearing and newspaper notice shall be required as provided in Chapter 62 of the City Code. 1. Review and findings. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall give full consideration to the Planning Director’s recommendations, and shall determine whether to grant an application for Exception, to grant with conditions and safeguards or to deny the application. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall issue written findings that the applicable requirements of the Miami 21 Code have or have not been met. In no event shall an Exception be issued prior to thirty (30) days from the time the notice of the application is provided to the registered neighborhood homeowner associations. The decision of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall include an explanation of the code requirements for an appeal of the decision and shall be provided to the registered neighborhood homeowner associations by distributing the Exception to the official representatives of all registered neighborhood and homeowner associations in the designated area applicable to the subject property, and the City shall post on the City’s website. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall include a citation to the legal authority for any denial of an Exception. Approvals shall be granted when the application complies with all applicable regulations; conditional approvals shall be issued when such applications require conditions in order to be found in compliance with all applicable regulations; denials of applications shall be issued if, after conditions and safeguards have been considered, the application still fails to comply with all applicable regulations. 2. Appeal to the City Commission. Appeal of the decision of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall be de novo applying the Exception criteria in this Code and taken to the City Commission, pursuant to Section 7.1.5 of this Miami 21 Code. The appeal shall be filed with the Hearing Boards Office. Notification of the appeal shall be provided by the City in the same manner as provided for the original application in Section 7.1.2.6.c. of this Code. d. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 241/614 7.1.2.7 Variance a. Variance defined; limitations. A Variance is a relaxation of the terms of the Miami 21 Code, and is permitted only in those exceptional circumstances when such action will not be contrary to the public interest and where, owing to conditions peculiar to the property and not the result of actions of the

21 Code. The appeal shall be filed with the Hearing Boards Office. Notification of the appeal shall be provided by the City in the same manner as provided for the original application in Section 7.1.2.6.c. of this Code. d. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 241/614 7.1.2.7 Variance a. Variance defined; limitations. A Variance is a relaxation of the terms of the Miami 21 Code, and is permitted only in those exceptional circumstances when such action will not be contrary to the public interest and where, owing to conditions peculiar to the property and not the result of actions of the applicant, a literal enforcement of the Miami 21 Code would result in unnecessary and undue hardship on the property. A Variance shall be authorized only for Lot size, Lot Coverage, dimensions of side or rear Setbacks, parking and loading requirements, and Open Space requirements. Variances shall be prohibited for anything not included in the listing above, except as specifically provided by this Code. A Variance from the terms of the Miami 21 Code shall not be granted unless and until every mitigating measure to offset the impact of the relaxed requirement can be shown to have been taken. Regulations of this Miami 21 Code that are not eligible for adjustment by Variance may be eligible for administrative Waiver. See Section 7.1.2.5. Unachievable maximum Density, Height, or floor-plate, nonconforming Use of neighboring lands, Structures or Buildings in the same Transect, and permitted Use of lands, Structures or Buildings in any other Transect, shall not be considered grounds for the granting of a Variance. b. Criteria for approval. An application for a Variance shall be approved only if it demonstrates all of the following: 1. Special conditions and circumstances exist that are peculiar to the land, Structure or Building involved and that are not applicable to other lands, Structures, or Buildings in the same Transect; 2. The special conditions and circumstances do not result from the actions of the applicant; 3. Literal interpretation of the provisions of the Miami 21 Code deprives the applicant of rights commonly enjoyed by other properties in the same Transect Zone and results in unnecessary and undue hardship on the applicant; 4. Granting the Variance requested conveys the same treatment to the individual owner as to the owner of other lands, Buildings or Structures in the same Transect Zone; 5. The Variance, if granted, is the minimum Variance that makes possible the reasonable Use of the land, Building, or Structure; and 6. The grant of the Variance is in harmony with the general intent and purpose of the Miami 21 Code, and is not injurious to the Neighborhood, or otherwise detrimental to the public. 7. The Variance if granted, is consistent with the applicable criteria as set forth in Article 4, Table 12 as such relates to the particular location for which the Variance is being sought. c. Prior to submitting an application for a Variance under this Code, the prospective applicant shall meet with the Zoning

Variance that makes possible the reasonable Use of the land, Building, or Structure; and 6. The grant of the Variance is in harmony with the general intent and purpose of the Miami 21 Code, and is not injurious to the Neighborhood, or otherwise detrimental to the public. 7. The Variance if granted, is consistent with the applicable criteria as set forth in Article 4, Table 12 as such relates to the particular location for which the Variance is being sought. c. Prior to submitting an application for a Variance under this Code, the prospective applicant shall meet with the Zoning Administrator and the Planning Director in a preapplication meeting to obtain information and guidance as to matters related to the proposed application. d. Review by Planning Director. The Planning Director shall determine if a submitted preliminary application for a Variance is complete. Upon making a completeness determination, the Planning Director shall prepare recommendations, and shall certify the preliminary application and accompanying recommendations to be filed with the Hearing Boards Office for consideration by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. e. Review by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. 1. Notice. A quasi-judicial hearing shall be conducted by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board on the Variance application. Formal public notice of hearing by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board of the application shall be issued. The City shall notify all owners of property within 500 feet of the Property Line of the land for which the hearing is required, by certified mail, of the time and place of the hearing by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board at least ten days in advance of the hearing. In the case of condominiums within the notification area, only one notice, by certified mail, to the condominium association shall be sent. For the purpose of this requirement, the names and addresses of property owners shall be deemed those appearing on the latest tax rolls of the City. The applicant shall provide the list of owners to the City at the time of the initial application. Additionally, the City shall notify all registered neighborhood and homeowner associations in the designated area applicable to the subject property and The filing of the appeal shall state the specific reasons for such appeal, together with payment of any required fee. The appeal may be filed only by the applicant or any person who is aggrieved by the action of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. An Exception shall be valid for a period of two (2) years during which a building permit or Certificate of Use must be obtained. This excludes a demolition or landscape permit. A one (1) time extension, for a period not to exceed an additional year, may be obtained upon approval by the Planning Director. e. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 242/614 shall notify the official representatives of such registered associations, by certified mail, of the application. Neighborhood and homeowner associations who wish to receive such notice must register on an annual basis

action of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. An Exception shall be valid for a period of two (2) years during which a building permit or Certificate of Use must be obtained. This excludes a demolition or landscape permit. A one (1) time extension, for a period not to exceed an additional year, may be obtained upon approval by the Planning Director. e. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 242/614 shall notify the official representatives of such registered associations, by certified mail, of the application. Neighborhood and homeowner associations who wish to receive such notice must register on an annual basis at the City Manager’s Office, or its designated City Department.. The City shall certify at the time of the hearing that notice as herein required was given to the persons as named and with the addresses shown on the certification. The applicant shall pay for the costs of the mailings. Posting of the property which is the subject of the hearing and newspaper notice shall be required as provided in Chapter 62 of the City Code. 2. Decision by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall consider the recommendations of the Planning Director, conduct a quasi-judicial hearing, and shall issue written findings that the application meets or does not meet the applicable criteria allowing for a Variance from the regulations of the Miami 21 Code. In no event shall a Variance be issued prior to thirty (30) days from the time the notice of the application is provided to the registered neighborhood homeowner associations. The decision of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall include an explanation of the code requirements for an appeal of the decision and shall be provided to the registered neighborhood homeowner associations by distributing the Variance to the official representatives of all registered neighborhood and homeowner associations in the designated area applicable to the subject property, and the City shall post on the City’s website. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall include a citation to the legal authority for any denial of a Variance. 3. Conditions and safeguards. In any Variance, the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board may prescribe appropriate mitigating conditions and safeguards in conformity with the Miami 21 Code. Violation of such conditions and safeguards, when made a part of the terms under which the Variance is granted, shall be deemed a violation of the Miami 21 Code and grounds for revocation of the Variance. f. Appeal to the City Commission. Appeal of the decision of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall be made to the City Commission, as a de novo hearing, and as set forth in Section 7.1.5 of this Miami 21 Code. The appeal shall be filed with the Hearing Boards Office. Notification of the appeal shall be provided by the City in the same manner as provided for the original application in Section 7.1.2.7.e. of this Code. The filing of the appeal shall state the specific reasons for such appeal, together

21 Code and grounds for revocation of the Variance. f. Appeal to the City Commission. Appeal of the decision of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall be made to the City Commission, as a de novo hearing, and as set forth in Section 7.1.5 of this Miami 21 Code. The appeal shall be filed with the Hearing Boards Office. Notification of the appeal shall be provided by the City in the same manner as provided for the original application in Section 7.1.2.7.e. of this Code. The filing of the appeal shall state the specific reasons for such appeal, together with payment of any required fee. The appeal may be filed only by the applicant or any person who is aggrieved by the action of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. g. A project for which the Variance has been obtained shall be valid for a period of two (2) years during which a Building Permit or Certificate of Use must be obtained. This excludes a demolition or landscape permit. A one time extension, for a period not to exceed an additional year, may be obtained upon approval by the Planning Director. 7.1.2.8 Amendment to Miami 21 Code Successional Zoning. The City’s growth and evolution over time will inevitably require changes to the boundaries of certain Transect Zones. These changes shall occur successionally, in which the zoning change may be made only to a lesser Transect Zone; within the same Transect Zone to a greater or lesser intensity; or to the next higher Transect Zone, or through a Special Area Plan. All changes shall maintain the goals of this Code to preserve Neighborhoods and to provide transitions in Intensity, Density, Building Height and Scale. a. When a CI zoned property ceases to be used for Civic functions, the successional rezoning is determined by identifying the lowest Intensity Abutting Transect Zone, and rezoning to that Zone’s next higher Intensity Zone. 1. For a property of nine (9) acres or more, a successional change shall require a Special Area Plan as described in Article 3. 2. For all successional zoning changes of less than nine (9) acres, refer to the table below. 3. TRANSECT ZONE FLR SUCCESSIONAL ZONE FLR T1 -- T1 -- T2 -- N/A -- T3 -- T4, CI -- T4 -- T5, CI -- T5 -- T6-8, CI 6 T6-8 5 T6-12. CI 8 T6-12 8 T6-24a, CI 7 T6-24a 7 T6-24b, T6-36a, CI 16 T6-24b 16 T6-36a, CI 12 T6-36a 12 T6-60a, CI 11 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 243/614 *The Planning Department shall make a recommendation as to which Transect Zone will yield the most coherent pattern given the established zoning pattern and context in the immediate vicinity. TRANSECT ZONE FLR SUCCESSIONAL ZONE FLR T6-48a 11 T6-60a, CI 11 T6-60a 11 T6-60b, CI 18 T6-48b 18 T6-60b, CI 18 T6-36b 22 T6-60b, CI 18 T6-60b 18 N/A, CI -- T6-80 24 N/A, CI -- CI -- Abutting Zones CI-HD 8 T6-24 7 D1 -- T6-8*, T5, CI,

T6-24a 7 T6-24b, T6-36a, CI 16 T6-24b 16 T6-36a, CI 12 T6-36a 12 T6-60a, CI 11 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 243/614 *The Planning Department shall make a recommendation as to which Transect Zone will yield the most coherent pattern given the established zoning pattern and context in the immediate vicinity. TRANSECT ZONE FLR SUCCESSIONAL ZONE FLR T6-48a 11 T6-60a, CI 11 T6-60a 11 T6-60b, CI 18 T6-48b 18 T6-60b, CI 18 T6-36b 22 T6-60b, CI 18 T6-60b 18 N/A, CI -- T6-80 24 N/A, CI -- CI -- Abutting Zones CI-HD 8 T6-24 7 D1 -- T6-8*, T5, CI, D2 5 (T6-8)* or -- all others D2 -- D1, CI -- D3 -- T6-8L, T6-8 O, CI -- The Miami 21 Code may be amended by amending the Miami 21 Atlas or by amending the text of this Code. b. Miami 21 Atlas amendments (also referred to as a “rezoning”, including Special Area Plans) may only be applied for at two times of the year, which times shall be set yearly by the City Commission. A rezoning to a CS Transect Zone, and any rezoning initiated by the City shall be exempt from the twice yearly schedule. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall make recommendations to the City Commission for such amendments to the Miami 21 Code. 1. Every two years, the City may conduct a comprehensive review of the Miami 21 Atlas to evaluate the development direction of the City’s neighborhoods and determine if additional amendments are appropriate. 2. Amendments to the text of the Miami 21 Code (including tables and diagrams) may be made only upon application of a city official and may be considered at any time during the year. 3. Applications for rezoning (Miami 21 Atlas amendment). c. Except where the proposal for the rezoning of property involves an extension of an existing Transect boundary, no rezoning of land shall be considered which involves less than forty thousand (40,000) square feet of land area or two hundred (200) feet of street Frontage on one (1) street. A rezoning to a “CS,” Civic Space Transect Zone, or “T1,” Natural Transect Zone, initiated by the City shall be exempt from the minimum size and Frontage requirements as stated herein. Any properties less than twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or two hundred (200) feet of street frontage which are rezoned to “CS,” Civic Space Transect Zone, shall not be utilized towards the City’s no net loss policy for public park land. Applications for rezoning may be made by: 1. The City Commission; (a) The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board; (b) Any other department, board or agency of the City; (c) Any person or entity other than those listed in (a) through (c), above, provided that only the owner(s) or their agent(s) may apply for the rezoning of property. (d) Persons and entities listed in (a) through (c) shall not join applications with persons or entities listed in (d). (e) Applications for rezoning made pursuant to (d) above

not be utilized towards the City’s no net loss policy for public park land. Applications for rezoning may be made by: 1. The City Commission; (a) The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board; (b) Any other department, board or agency of the City; (c) Any person or entity other than those listed in (a) through (c), above, provided that only the owner(s) or their agent(s) may apply for the rezoning of property. (d) Persons and entities listed in (a) through (c) shall not join applications with persons or entities listed in (d). (e) Applications for rezoning made pursuant to (d) above shall be made on an application form as provided by the City which shall require, at a minimum, the following information: 2. Location of the property, including address and legal description (a) Survey of the property prepared by a State of Florida registered land surveyor within six (6) months from the date of the application, including acreage. (b) Affidavit and disclosure of ownership of all owners and contract purchasers of the property, including recorded warranty deed and tax forms of the most current year. For corporations and partnerships, include articles of incorporation, certificate of good standing, and authority of the person signing the application. Non-profit organizations shall list members of the Board of Directors for the past year. (c) Certified list of owners of real estate within five hundred (500) feet of the subject property. (d) Present zoning of the property and Future Land Use designation of the property. (e) At least two photographs that show the entire property. (f) An analysis of the properties within a one-half mile radius of the subject property regarding the existing condition of the radius properties and the current zoning and Future Land Use designations of the radius properties. The analysis shall include photos of Building elevations of both sides of the street extending three hundred (300) feet beyond all boundaries of the site. An aerial photo of the site and the radius properties shall be included. The analysis shall explain why the zoning change is appropriate and why the existing zoning is inappropriate, in light of the intent of the Miami 21 Code and particularly in relation to effects on adjoining properties. (g) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 244/614 Review of application for code amendments by Planning Director. d. The Planning Director shall review each application for a code amendment and provide a recommendation and a statement in regard to how each of the criteria of this Code is met or not met. In the case of rezonings, the Director shall additionally review the application in regard to whether the land Use densities and intensities are compatible with and further the objectives, policies and land Uses in the Comprehensive Plan, and whether the criteria in 7.1.2.8.f are met. 1. A non-City applicant for rezoning shall obtain a Zoning Referral by the Zoning Administrator, and meet with the Planning Director and Zoning Administrator in a preapplication meeting prior to the applicant’s submission of a

recommendation and a statement in regard to how each of the criteria of this Code is met or not met. In the case of rezonings, the Director shall additionally review the application in regard to whether the land Use densities and intensities are compatible with and further the objectives, policies and land Uses in the Comprehensive Plan, and whether the criteria in 7.1.2.8.f are met. 1. A non-City applicant for rezoning shall obtain a Zoning Referral by the Zoning Administrator, and meet with the Planning Director and Zoning Administrator in a preapplication meeting prior to the applicant’s submission of a preliminary application for rezoning. The Director shall review each preliminary application for rezoning for completeness. The Planning Director shall certify the preliminary application and his accompanying recommendations to be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards for consideration by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. The applicant shall be responsible for filing the application with the Office of Hearing Boards. Upon filing with the Office of Hearing Boards, the application shall be placed on the agenda of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. 2. Review by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. e. Notice Formal public notice of hearing by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board of an application for a code amendment shall be issued in the following manner: The City shall notify all owners of property within 500 feet of the Property Line of the land for which the hearing is required, by certified mail, of the time and place of the rezoning hearing by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board at least ten days in advance of the hearing. In the case of condominiums within the notification area, only one notice, by certified mail, to the condominium association shall be sent. For the purpose of this requirement, the names and addresses of property owners shall be deemed those appearing on the latest tax rolls of the City. The applicant shall provide the list of owners to the City at the time of the initial application. Additionally, the City shall notify all registered neighborhood and homeowner associations in the designated area applicable to the subject property and shall notify the the official representatives of such registered associations, by certified mail, of the rezoning application. Neighborhood and homeowner associations who wish to receive such notice must register on an annual basis at the City Manager’s Office, or its designated City Department.. Notice of text amendments shall be as provided by Chapter 62 of the City Code and state law. The City shall certify at the time of the hearing that notice as herein required was given to the persons as named and with the addresses shown on the certification. The applicant shall pay for the costs of the mailings. Posting of the property which is the subject of the hearing and newspaper notice shall be required as provided in Chapter 62 of the City Code. 1. Review, findings and recommendation. 2. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall give

City Department.. Notice of text amendments shall be as provided by Chapter 62 of the City Code and state law. The City shall certify at the time of the hearing that notice as herein required was given to the persons as named and with the addresses shown on the certification. The applicant shall pay for the costs of the mailings. Posting of the property which is the subject of the hearing and newspaper notice shall be required as provided in Chapter 62 of the City Code. 1. Review, findings and recommendation. 2. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall give full consideration to the Director’s recommendations, and shall evaluate whether an application for a code amendment should be granted, granted with modifications or denied. (a) The Board shall conduct a hearing on text amendments and make its recommendations based on whether the criteria in this section are met. (b) The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall conduct a quasi-judicial public hearing on rezoning applications, and make its recommendations based on whether the criteria in this section are met. (c) Criteria. The recommendations of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall show that the board has considered and studied the application in regard to the following criteria: f. For all amendments: 1. The relationship of the proposed amendment to the goals, objectives and policies of the Comprehensive Plan, with appropriate consideration as to whether the proposed change will further the goals, objectives and policies of the Comprehensive Plan; the Miami 21 Code; and other city regulations. (a) The need and justification for the proposed change, including changed or changing conditions that make the passage of the proposed change necessary. (b) For rezonings: A change may be made only to the next intensity Transect Zone or by a Special Area Plan, and in a manner which maintains the goals of this Miami 21 Code to preserve Neighborhoods and to provide transitions in intensity and Building Height. 2. For Special Area Plan rezonings: Special Area Plans shall be adopted by rezoning pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.9. 3. City Commission action on Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board recommendations. g. Notice and hearings. Upon receipt of the findings and recommendations regarding code amendments by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, the City Commission shall hold at least two advertised public hearings on the proposed code amendments. Notice shall be given as follows: The City shall notify all owners of property within five hundred (500) feet of the Property Line of the land for which the hearing is required, by certified mail, of the time and place of the rezoning hearing by the City Commission at least ten days in advance of the hearing. In the case of condominiums within the notification area, only one notice, by certified mail, to the condominium association shall be sent. For the purpose of this requirement, the names and addresses of property owners shall be deemed those appearing on the latest tax rolls of the City. The applicant

City shall notify all owners of property within five hundred (500) feet of the Property Line of the land for which the hearing is required, by certified mail, of the time and place of the rezoning hearing by the City Commission at least ten days in advance of the hearing. In the case of condominiums within the notification area, only one notice, by certified mail, to the condominium association shall be sent. For the purpose of this requirement, the names and addresses of property owners shall be deemed those appearing on the latest tax rolls of the City. The applicant shall provide the list of owners to the City at the time of the initial application. 1. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 245/614 7.1.2.9 Sign Permits a. Application. Except for classes of signs exempted from permit requirements as specified in Article 10, all signs shall require permits. Applications for such permits shall be made, on forms provided by the city, and in addition shall provide at a minimum the following information: 1. A drawing to scale showing the design of the Sign, including the dimensions, Sign size, method of attachment, source of illumination, and showing the relationship to any Building or Structure to which it is, or is proposed to be, installed or placed, or to which it relates; 2. A fully dimensional Lot plan, drawn to scale, indicating the location of the Sign relative to Property Line, right-of-way, streets, sidewalks, and other Buildings or Structures on the premises; Additionally, the City shall notify all registered neighborhood and homeowner associations in the designated area applicable to the subject property and shall notify the the official representatives of such registered associations, by certified mail, of the rezoning application. Neighborhood and homeowner associations who wish to receive such notice must register on an annual basis at the City Manager’s Office, or its designated City Department. Notice of text amendments shall be as provided by Chapter 62 of the City Code and state law. The City shall certify at the time of the hearing that notice as herein required was given to the persons as named and with the addresses shown on the certification. The applicant shall pay for the costs of the mailings. Posting of the property which is the subject of the hearing and newspaper notice shall be required as provided in Chapter 62 of the City Code and by state statute. Adoption. In the case of all proposed Miami 21 text or Miami 21 Atlas amendments, if the recommendation of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board is adverse to the proposal, such rezoning shall not be adopted except by the vote of at least three members of the City Commission. The City Commission may, by a vote of not less than three (3) members, approve the rezoning of property to a Transect Zone of less Intensity than that applied for in situations where, in the opinion of the commission and upon the recommendation of the Planning Director, the specific rezoning

statute. Adoption. In the case of all proposed Miami 21 text or Miami 21 Atlas amendments, if the recommendation of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board is adverse to the proposal, such rezoning shall not be adopted except by the vote of at least three members of the City Commission. The City Commission may, by a vote of not less than three (3) members, approve the rezoning of property to a Transect Zone of less Intensity than that applied for in situations where, in the opinion of the commission and upon the recommendation of the Planning Director, the specific rezoning applied for would work to the detriment of the health, safety or welfare of the surrounding Neighborhood, whereas a rezoning to a Transect Zone of less Intensity would not. In no event shall a rezoning be issued prior to thirty (30) days from the time the notice of the application is provided to the registered neighborhood homeowner associations. The decision of the City Commission shall include an explanation of the code requirements for an appeal of the decision and shall be provided to the registered neighborhood homeowner associations and posted on the City’s website. The City Commission shall include a citation to the legal authority for any denial of a rezoning. 2. Failure of City Commission to act. If a recommendation of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board is not legislatively decided within twelve (12) months from first reading by the City Commission, the application upon which the report and recommendation are based shall be deemed to have been denied. However, for amendment to the Comprehensive Plan and its corresponding Miami 21 Atlas amendment, the time period will be extended an additional twelve (12) months. In both instances, the provisions of sections 62-54 and 62-55 of the City Code will not apply unless otherwise required by the City Commission. No day of the month of August shall be counted in the administration of this section. 3. Limitation on further consideration after denial. Whenever the City Commission has denied an application for the rezoning of property, the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall not thereafter: 4. Consider any further application for the same rezoning of any part or all of the same property for a period of eighteen months from the date of such action; (a) Consider an application for any other kind of rezoning on any part or all of the same property for a period of twelve months from the date of such action; or (b) Consider an application for rezoning that involves the same owner’s property within two hundred (200) feet of property granted a change within a period of twelve (12) months. (c) Limitation on further consideration after rezoning. Whenever the City Commission has rezoned property, the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall not thereafter consider any petition for rezoning of all or any part of the same property for a period of eighteen (18) months from the date of such action. 5. Limitation on further consideration

the same property for a period of twelve months from the date of such action; or (b) Consider an application for rezoning that involves the same owner’s property within two hundred (200) feet of property granted a change within a period of twelve (12) months. (c) Limitation on further consideration after rezoning. Whenever the City Commission has rezoned property, the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall not thereafter consider any petition for rezoning of all or any part of the same property for a period of eighteen (18) months from the date of such action. 5. Limitation on further consideration after voluntary withdrawal of application. Whenever an applicant has voluntarily withdrawn an application for rezoning of property during either first or second reading before the City Commission, the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall not thereafter consider an application for the same property for eighteen (18) months from the date of such action, nor consider an application for any kind of rezoning of any part or all of the same property for twelve (12) months from the date of such action. 6. Waiver of time limits. The time limits set forth in this subsection g. may be waived by a vote of at least three (3) members of the City Commission when such action is deemed necessary to prevent injustice or to facilitate development of the city in the context of the adopted Comprehensive Plan, or any portion thereof. 7. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 246/614 3. Number, size and location of all existing signs upon the same Building, Lot or premises, if applicable; and 4. Any other information required, if any, by the Florida Building Code. b. Permit identification required to be on Sign. Any Sign requiring a permit or permits shall be clearly marked with the permit number or numbers and the name of the person or firm responsible for placement of the Sign on the premises. c. Approval of sign permit. A sign permit may be approved by the Zoning Administrator if the requirements and criteria set forth in this Code have been met; all other necessary approvals, if any, have been obtained; and all required fees have been paid. d. Transferability of sign permit. Permits, permit numbers or permit applications and attachments shall not be transferable to other sites. They are valid only for a specific Sign Structure at the specifically designated location subject to change of copy limitations in Article 10. If at any time a Sign Structure is altered, removed or relocated in a manner different from the terms of the sign permit, the sign permit will become void, unless otherwise provided in this code. 7.1.3 Application and Review Process 7.1.3.1 Informal Consultation Prior to submitting any application for a permit under this Code, the prospective applicant may informally consult with the Zoning Administrator and the Planning Director to obtain information and guidance concerning the proposed application, the general application requirements and the plan review process. The prospective applicant for plan review under Section

of copy limitations in Article 10. If at any time a Sign Structure is altered, removed or relocated in a manner different from the terms of the sign permit, the sign permit will become void, unless otherwise provided in this code. 7.1.3 Application and Review Process 7.1.3.1 Informal Consultation Prior to submitting any application for a permit under this Code, the prospective applicant may informally consult with the Zoning Administrator and the Planning Director to obtain information and guidance concerning the proposed application, the general application requirements and the plan review process. The prospective applicant for plan review under Section 7.1.3.2 may request informal consultation regarding the proposed plan prior to the required pre- application process. No statement made or information exchanged during the informal consultation shall be binding on the city or the applicant. 7.1.3.2 Generally a. The Zoning Office shall direct an applicant for a permit under this Code to the appropriate office for the review of the permit application by issuing a Zoning Referral. Preapplication package forms for specific permits shall be provided by the city administration to assist the applicant in the review and approval process. For all applications, the following information shall be required 1. Names and addresses of the record owners, the applicant, and the person preparing the application, and the signatures of each. Statement of ownership or control of the property, executed and sworn to by the owner or owners of one hundred percent (100%) of the property described in the application, or by tenant or tenants, with owner’s written sworn-to-consent, or by duly authorized agents, evidenced by a written power of attorney if the agent is not a member of the Florida Bar. 2. Evidence of authority by the record owners for submission of the application, and identification of the applicant’s relationship to the owner if the applicant is not the record owner. 3. Legal description and a certified land survey of the proposed site boundaries. The survey shall be performed in accordance with Florida Administrative Code, and dated within one year proceeding the filing date of the application, providing such survey reflects all current conditions of the subject property. The land survey shall be reviewed by the Department of Public Works and baseline information shall be provided by the Department to the applicant prior to review of the preapplication package at the preapplication meeting. 4. Any information required for notice of a hearing or administrative decision pursuant to this Miami 21 Code. 5. Proof of any pending code enforcement action or municipal liens on the property. 6. Payment of required fees and charges. 7. Phased project. A phased project is one which, due to its magnitude, has to be developed in stages. Such project shall contain a minimum of three (3) acres of land. Any such project shall establish the maximum development capacity for the subject property. At the time of qualification by the Planning Director and Zoning Administrator, the project shall be owned by a single entity or subsidiaries of

a hearing or administrative decision pursuant to this Miami 21 Code. 5. Proof of any pending code enforcement action or municipal liens on the property. 6. Payment of required fees and charges. 7. Phased project. A phased project is one which, due to its magnitude, has to be developed in stages. Such project shall contain a minimum of three (3) acres of land. Any such project shall establish the maximum development capacity for the subject property. At the time of qualification by the Planning Director and Zoning Administrator, the project shall be owned by a single entity or subsidiaries of one (1) entity and may occupy contiguous lands, separated only by streets or alleys, and will be considered as one (1) project for the purpose of calculating all zoning requirements. A phased project must be qualified by the Planning Director and Zoning Administrator, at the written request of the property owner. b. The Zoning Administrator, or the Planning Director, as appropriate, shall make a determination as to the completeness of the preapplication package prior to its further review. c. When any combination of a Warrant, Waiver or Exception is requested for a particular project, one application for the highest ranking permit shall be sufficient for review, and lower ranking approvals need not be applied for separately. Although only one application is required to be filed, the project must meet the criteria for all the approvals requested. Applications shall be ranked as follows: Waivers, Warrants, and Exceptions. Special Area Plans, Variances, and amendments to the Miami 21 Code shall always require separate applications and approvals. The approval of any administrative permit shall be contingent on the approval of all permits requiring public hearing, and the appeal period for any required administrative approval shall be stayed pending the approval of the last permit requiring public hearing. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 247/614 7.1.3.3 For By Right permits For By Right permits, the applicant shall also provide a complete set of plans, signed and sealed as required by the Florida Building Code, which should include: a. Location plan at minimum scale of 1:200, of project within Neighborhood structure as shown inZoning Atlas, including plat plan of Neighborhood and Building footprints of Neighborhood or superimposition of project on aerial photograph. b. Dimensioned site plan(s) including: 1. Lot Lines and Setbacks. 2. Location, shape, size and Height of existing and proposed Building construction and landscaping. 3. Location of Off-street Parking, loading facilities, waste collection areas, and all above ground utilities. 4. Location and design of any signage. 5. Indication of any site or Building design methods used to conserve energy. 6. Abutting area extending three hundred (300) feet beyond Property Lines including street design from project Building Façade to Building Façade across the street, including sidewalk, swale if any, street trees, and on-street parking pavement. c. Landscape plans including specification of plant material, location and size. d. Floor plans and elevations of all Structures, including total gross square foot area of each floor and all

3. Location of Off-street Parking, loading facilities, waste collection areas, and all above ground utilities. 4. Location and design of any signage. 5. Indication of any site or Building design methods used to conserve energy. 6. Abutting area extending three hundred (300) feet beyond Property Lines including street design from project Building Façade to Building Façade across the street, including sidewalk, swale if any, street trees, and on-street parking pavement. c. Landscape plans including specification of plant material, location and size. d. Floor plans and elevations of all Structures, including total gross square foot area of each floor and all dimensions relating to the requirements of this Code. e. Figures indicating the following: 1. Lot area. 2. Amount of green space or Open Space, trees, and pervious and impervious pavement in square feet and percentage required and provided. 3. Amount of building coverage at ground level in square feet and percentage required and provided. 4. Total square footage of all built areas, categorized by Use. 5. Parking required and provided. 6. Total number of dwelling units. 7. Other design data as may be needed to evaluate the project. 7.1.3.4 Plan Approval Required for Warrants, Waivers, Exceptions and Variances a. Requirements. Plan approval is required for any Structure or premises to be constructed, changed, converted, enlarged or moved, wholly or partly, by Warrant, Waiver, Exception or Variance. The plan shall be reviewed as part of the preapplication package for the Warrant, Waiver, Exception, or Variance. If plan approval is required, the plan shall show that the Structure or Use, or both, or the affected part thereof, are in conformity with the provisions of this Miami 21 Code. b. Preapplication Meeting. After receiving a Zoning Referral and a preapplication package from the Zoning Office for a Warrant, Waiver, Exception, or Variance under this Code, the prospective applicant shall meet in a preapplication meeting to obtain information and guidance as to matters related to the proposed application. No statement made or information exchanged during the pre-application meeting shall be binding on the City or the applicant. The Planning Director (or the Zoning Administrator in the case of a Waiver) shall ensure that representatives of potentially affected City departments or agencies are present at the meeting and shall, if deemed necessary, extend invitations to attend and participate in the meeting to potentially affected agencies or officers of Miami-Dade County, the state or the federal government. The Zoning Administrator shall be responsible for the preapplication meeting in the case of a Waiver. The preapplication meeting may be continued for the review of further information that may be necessary to enable the applicant to submit a complete preliminary application. Insofar as possible, the applicant shall be given guidelines at the pre-application meeting in regard to: 1. Any referral to other governmental officers or agencies that may be necessary either before or after filing application for permit requested. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 248/614 2. Any required Comprehensive Plan amendments or zoning changes. 3. Any Waivers which

government. The Zoning Administrator shall be responsible for the preapplication meeting in the case of a Waiver. The preapplication meeting may be continued for the review of further information that may be necessary to enable the applicant to submit a complete preliminary application. Insofar as possible, the applicant shall be given guidelines at the pre-application meeting in regard to: 1. Any referral to other governmental officers or agencies that may be necessary either before or after filing application for permit requested. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 248/614 2. Any required Comprehensive Plan amendments or zoning changes. 3. Any Waivers which may be required for the proposed project. 4. Information regarding the plan process and information that the Zoning Administrator or Director deem pertinent to the application. 5. Any other matters that are deemed pertinent to the application. 6. Estimate of fees. c. Upon completion of the pre-application meeting, the applicant if required shall submit an application for preliminary plan approval with the Planning Department or Zoning Office, as applicable, on forms provided by the City. The Planning Department or Zoning Office as applicable shall initiate review of the preliminary plan application and determine that the preliminary plan application is complete. d. Materials to be submitted with the application shall include maps, plans, surveys, studies and reports that may reasonably be required to make the necessary determinations called for in the particular case, in sufficient copies for referrals and records, including those materials listed in Section 7.1.3.3, and may include other materials such as traffic studies and other documents relative to the application, as deemed necessary by the Planning Director or Zoning Administrator, as applicable. e. A preliminary plan application shall be deemed complete at the time: 1. It is on a form approved by the city, and all applicable information is provided by the applicant on the form, or attachment(s), as necessary, at the time of its filing and; 2. It has been reviewed and signed by the appropriate official and; 3. All required fees are paid. f. The Planning Department or Zoning Office shall review the submitted application pursuant to the standards of this Code. If further review is necessary by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board or the City Commission, the Planning Director shall prepare recommendations and certify the application and recommendations to be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards. The applicant is responsible for filing the application for a hearing, along with the Planning Director’s certification, with the Office of Hearing Boards. 7.1.3.5 Modifications to Applications Requiring Public Hearing Modifications to applications after processing begins. An applicant may modify an application filed with the Office of Hearing Boards after processing begins and prior to the public hearing if the modifications are not substantial. Otherwise, a new application must be made and fee paid. Whether a proposed modification is substantial shall be determined by the Zoning Administrator, according to whether the requested modification requires a Variance or Exception. a. Modifications subsequent to notice of hearing. b. After

application for a hearing, along with the Planning Director’s certification, with the Office of Hearing Boards. 7.1.3.5 Modifications to Applications Requiring Public Hearing Modifications to applications after processing begins. An applicant may modify an application filed with the Office of Hearing Boards after processing begins and prior to the public hearing if the modifications are not substantial. Otherwise, a new application must be made and fee paid. Whether a proposed modification is substantial shall be determined by the Zoning Administrator, according to whether the requested modification requires a Variance or Exception. a. Modifications subsequent to notice of hearing. b. After notice has been given of a public hearing before the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, or City Commission, as the case may be, no change shall be made in the original application which would have the effect of creating substantial differences between the matter advertised and the matter upon which the hearing is actually held. 1. Upon completion of the public hearing by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, or City Commission, as the case may be, no proposed amendment shall be recommended or adopted which is substantially different from the proposal for which the public hearing was held. 2. Modifications to a plan approved under this Miami 21 Code. Minor modifications may be made to a plan approved by Warrant, Variance or Exception under the Miami 21 Code upon the applicant’s submission of a letter explaining the need for corrections, payment of the fee established by the adopted fee schedule, and written approval of the Planning Director. Minor modifications include: c. Those changes that meet Transect regulations and do not change the manner of operation of the approved site; or 1. Those changes that can be approved by Waiver; or 2. Changes in the project phasing. At the time of its approval, the entire project shall be owned by a single entity or its subsidiaries, and shall occupy contiguous lands, separated only by streets or alleys; or 3. An increase in height not exceeding five (5) feet or 5% of the approved height; or 4. Movement of the footprint of the building not more than ten (10) feet in any horizontal direction. 5. An increase or decrease in the footprint of the building of not more than ten (10) feet in the direction of a Frontage line that will result in enhancement of Open Space, Civic Space Type or View Corridor. All applications for minor modifications to an approved plan shall be reviewed in light of their cumulative effect on the original approved plan, taking 6. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 249/614 7.1.3.6 Approvals granted in error do not authorize violation of this Code; corrections required a. An approval issued in error shall not confer any rights to construction or occupancy. b. No approval shall be construed to authorize violation of any provisions of this Code, and such approval shall be valid only to the extent that the work authorized is lawful. c. Issuance of a building permit based

View Corridor. All applications for minor modifications to an approved plan shall be reviewed in light of their cumulative effect on the original approved plan, taking 6. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 249/614 7.1.3.6 Approvals granted in error do not authorize violation of this Code; corrections required a. An approval issued in error shall not confer any rights to construction or occupancy. b. No approval shall be construed to authorize violation of any provisions of this Code, and such approval shall be valid only to the extent that the work authorized is lawful. c. Issuance of a building permit based upon a site plan shall not prevent the Zoning Administrator from thereafter requiring correction of errors in the plan. 7.1.3.7 No Approval Available if Code Enforcement Violations Except as provided in Section 7.1.2.1 (b) (3) for Certificate of Use or in the City Code for development permits including but not limited to Waivers, Warrants, Exceptions, and Variances, no approval or permit may be issued, and no application may be scheduled for public hearing, for a non-homestead property if the business, enterprise, occupation, trade, profession, property or activity is the subject of an ongoing city enforcement procedure, is the subject of any building violation(s), has any City lien or invoice due and owing to the City, or is the subject of a notice of violation of a state law or county ordinance where the business enterprise is located or is to be located, unless the permit or approval is required to cure life safety issues, is required to bring outstanding violations into compliance, is for unit(s) within building to which violations or monies owed are not attributable to the permit applicant, or the property is wholly owned by a governmental entity. In addition, if an approval or permit required to cure the existing violation(s) has been applied for, with a complete application that is being reviewed by the appropriate department, additional approvals or permits may be scheduled for hearing and/or issued for the property that is the subject of violations or monies owed. Additional permits issued are conditioned to prohibit the issuance of a certificate of occupancy or completion (including temporary or partial certificates of occupancy or completion) until the permit to cure the original outstanding Code Enforcement violation has been finalized and closed and all monies owed, inclusive of costs, to the City are paid. Any exemption listed herein may not be utilized for multi-unit structures wherein the violation has created a life safety issue for either the adjacent units or the structure in its entirety. This Section also applies to covenants, including but not limited to Unities of Title and Covenants in Lieu of Unity of Title. Failure to comply with conditions and safeguards, when attached to a grant of a development order or permit, shall be deemed a violation of this Miami 21 Code. This prohibition shall not apply to buildings or properties owned by governmental entities. into account building disposition, configuration, function, and other Code standards. The

not be utilized for multi-unit structures wherein the violation has created a life safety issue for either the adjacent units or the structure in its entirety. This Section also applies to covenants, including but not limited to Unities of Title and Covenants in Lieu of Unity of Title. Failure to comply with conditions and safeguards, when attached to a grant of a development order or permit, shall be deemed a violation of this Miami 21 Code. This prohibition shall not apply to buildings or properties owned by governmental entities. into account building disposition, configuration, function, and other Code standards. The minor modification shall meet the criteria of Table 12. Except for minor modifications, the plan may be amended only pursuant to the procedures and standards established for its original approval. Modifications to special permits and Variances approved under a previous code. d. An applicant may modify a special permit approved under a previous zoning code, as a minor modification through the Warrant process. The components being modified after modification shall be in compliance with this Code, even though the remainder of the approved development plan is not in full compliance with this Code, and shall not increase previously approved overall Development Capacity. 1. The special permit may be amended with modifications that the Planning Director determines not to be minor, and variances may be modified according to the following procedures: 2. Class I Special Permits shall be amended pursuant to Chapter 62 of the City Code. (a) Class II Special Permits shall be amended as a Warrant. (b) Special Exceptions and Major Use Special Permits shall be amended as an Exception (c) Variances may be modified as a Variance. (d) In all Special Permit cases, the City shall recognize any rights to develop that may be vested under legal principles of equitable estoppel, and may allow changes to a previously approved phased Special Permit that has begun construction (other than under a demolition or landscape permit), applying the standards of the previous code for all phases. Where those changes to an approved phased Special Permit to the greatest extent possible conform to the standards of this Code, the review shall be conducted by Warrant; otherwise the review of the changes shall be conducted as an Exception. The owner of property which has a previously approved phased Special Permit nonetheless may choose to submit a new application for approval pursuant to the Miami 21 code. 3. The expiration date for any Class II Special Permit, Major Use Special Permit or Variance approved under the Zoning Ordinance 11000 in effect immediately prior to the date of adoption of this Miami 21 Code may, upon application to the Director by the owner, be extended from its existing expiration date as follows: 4. Class II Special Permits, Special Exceptions and Variances shall be permitted no more than one (1) time extension for a period not to exceed twelve (12) months. (a) Major Use Special Permits shall be permitted no more than three (3) time

the Miami 21 code. 3. The expiration date for any Class II Special Permit, Major Use Special Permit or Variance approved under the Zoning Ordinance 11000 in effect immediately prior to the date of adoption of this Miami 21 Code may, upon application to the Director by the owner, be extended from its existing expiration date as follows: 4. Class II Special Permits, Special Exceptions and Variances shall be permitted no more than one (1) time extension for a period not to exceed twelve (12) months. (a) Major Use Special Permits shall be permitted no more than three (3) time extensions for each time extension period not to exceed twenty-four (24) months. (b) Nothing in this Code shall divest a previously approved Development of Regional Impact from any development rights obtained as a result of its approval under a Chapter 380, Florida Statutes. 5. Phased project: At the time of its approval, the entire project shall be owned by a single entity or its subsidiaries, and shall occupy contiguous lands, separated only by streets or alleys. Changes in the phasing of such a project may be approved as a minor modification if approved by the Zoning Administrator, building official and Planning Director. e. Complete applications pending at the effective date of this Code shall be reviewed under the provisions of Ordinance 11000 as existing at the date of adoption of this Code. f. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 250/614 7.1.3.8 Resubmission and Withdrawal of Applications Requiring Public Hearing a. Whenever an application has been denied, the city shall not thereafter consider the same application for any part or all of the same property for a period of eighteen (18) months from the date of the denial. b. Whenever an applicant has voluntarily withdrawn an application after the application has been scheduled for a public hearing, the city shall not thereafter consider the same application for the same property for eighteen (18) months from the date of the withdrawal. c. The time limits set by paragraphs a. and b. above may be waived by a vote of not less than three (3) members of the decision making body when such action is deemed necessary to prevent injustice or to facilitate development of the city in the context of the adopted Comprehensive Plan, or portion thereof. d. If an application is on file for more than six (6) months without activity by the applicant, it shall be deemed withdrawn. 7.1.4 Quasi-Judicial Procedures 7.1.4.1 Intent The intent of this section is to establish procedures to ensure procedural due process and maintain citizen access to the local government decision-making process for the review of certain applications that require quasi-judicial hearings. These procedures shall be applied and interpreted in a manner recognizing both the legislative and judicial aspects of the local government decision-making process in quasi-judicial hearings. 7.1.4.2 Applicability These procedures shall apply to all applications in which the City Commission or Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board acts in a quasi-judicial capacity for recommendations or

the applicant, it shall be deemed withdrawn. 7.1.4 Quasi-Judicial Procedures 7.1.4.1 Intent The intent of this section is to establish procedures to ensure procedural due process and maintain citizen access to the local government decision-making process for the review of certain applications that require quasi-judicial hearings. These procedures shall be applied and interpreted in a manner recognizing both the legislative and judicial aspects of the local government decision-making process in quasi-judicial hearings. 7.1.4.2 Applicability These procedures shall apply to all applications in which the City Commission or Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board acts in a quasi-judicial capacity for recommendations or final decisions as to Exceptions, Variances, Special Area Plans and rezoning; and to appeals to the City Commission or Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board on Warrants, Waivers, zoning approvals and Certificates of Use. These procedures do not apply to administrative decisions made by City staff on Warrants or Waivers, zoning approvals, sign permits or Certificates of Use, except upon the appeal of the administrative decision to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. 7.1.4.3 Definitions The following words, terms and phrases, when used in this section, shall have the following meanings ascribed to them, except where the context clearly indicates a different meaning: a. Applicant shall mean the owner of record, the owner’s agent, or any person with a legal or equitable interest in the property for which an application or appeal thereof has been made and which is subject to quasi-judicial proceedings, and shall mean the staff when the application is initiated by the city. b. Competent substantial evidence shall mean testimony or other evidence based on personal observation, or fact or opinion evidence offered by an expert on a matter that requires specialized knowledge and that is relevant to the issue to be decided. Competent substantial evidence is evidence a reasonable mind could accept as adequate to support a conclusion. c. Decision-making body shall mean the City Commission or the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, as the case may be, that makes a recommendation or decision on an application or decides the appeal. d. Intervenor shall mean a person whose interests in the proceeding are adversely affected in a manner greater than those of the general public. e. Material evidence shall mean evidence that bears a logical relationship to one or more issues raised by the application or the laws and regulations pertaining to the matter requested by the application. f. Participants shall mean members of the general public, other than the Applicant, including experts and representatives of local governments and governmental agencies, who offer testimony at a quasi-judicial hearing for the purpose of being heard on an application. g. Party shall mean the Applicant, the city staff, and any person recognized by the Decision-making body as a qualified Intervenor. h. Relevant evidence shall mean evidence which tends to prove or disprove a fact that is material to the determination of the application. 7.1.4.4 General procedures a. Each Party shall have the right to call and examine witnesses, to

application. f. Participants shall mean members of the general public, other than the Applicant, including experts and representatives of local governments and governmental agencies, who offer testimony at a quasi-judicial hearing for the purpose of being heard on an application. g. Party shall mean the Applicant, the city staff, and any person recognized by the Decision-making body as a qualified Intervenor. h. Relevant evidence shall mean evidence which tends to prove or disprove a fact that is material to the determination of the application. 7.1.4.4 General procedures a. Each Party shall have the right to call and examine witnesses, to introduce exhibits, to cross-examine opposing witnesses on any relevant matter (subject to the rules contained herein), and to rebut evidence. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 251/614 b. Staff shall have the responsibility of presenting the case on behalf of the City. The staff report on the application shall be made available to the Applicant and the Decision-making body no later than five (5) days prior to the quasi-judicial hearing on the application. c. Official file. All written communication received by Decision-making body or staff concerning an application, the staff report on the application, any petitions or other submissions from the public, and all other documents pertaining to the application upon receipt shall be filed in the official file for the application, which shall be maintained by staff. The Comprehensive Plan, this Code and the City Code shall be deemed to be part of the official file. The official file shall be available for inspection during normal business hours. d. The printed agenda for the meeting at which the quasi-judicial hearing is scheduled to take place shall identify the hearing as quasi-judicial and indicate where copies of the procedures that apply may be obtained. 7.1.4.5 Hearing procedures a. The hearing shall, to the extent possible, be conducted as follows: 1. The Chair or City Attorney shall read a statement at the beginning of the quasi-judicial hearing portion of the agenda, which shall outline the procedure to be followed. A copy of the procedures shall be made available at the hearing. 2. The members of the Decision-making body shall disclose any ex parte communications regarding the application. Such disclosure by the commissioner shall remove the presumption of prejudice from ex parte communications pursuant to Fla. Stat. 286.0115. 3. The Applicant, staff, and all Participants requesting to speak shall be collectively sworn by oath or affirmation. 4. The Applicant may waive its right to an evidentiary hearing if it agrees with the staff recommendation and no one from the audience wishes to speak for or against the application. The Decision-making body may then vote on the item, based upon the staff report and any other materials entered by staff from the official file into the record of the hearing. 5. If there is an evidentiary hearing, the order of the presentation shall be as follows, unless the chair agrees to a different order, taking proper consideration of fairness and due process: (a) Staff

oath or affirmation. 4. The Applicant may waive its right to an evidentiary hearing if it agrees with the staff recommendation and no one from the audience wishes to speak for or against the application. The Decision-making body may then vote on the item, based upon the staff report and any other materials entered by staff from the official file into the record of the hearing. 5. If there is an evidentiary hearing, the order of the presentation shall be as follows, unless the chair agrees to a different order, taking proper consideration of fairness and due process: (a) Staff shall present a brief synopsis of the application; introduce any appropriate additional exhibits from the official file that have not already been transmitted to the decision-making body with the agenda materials, as staff desires; summarize issues; and make a recommendation on the application. Staff shall also introduce any witnesses that it wishes to provide testimony at the hearing. (b) The Applicant shall make its presentation, including offering any documentary evidence, and introduce any witnesses as it desires. (c) Participants shall make their presentations in any order as determined by the chair. (d) Staff may cross-examine any witnesses and respond to any testimony presented. (e) The Applicant may cross-examine any witnesses and respond to any testimony presented. (f) The chair may choose to allow Participants to respond to any testimony if the chair deems the response to be necessary to ensure fairness and due process. (g) Members of the Decision-making body, through the Chair, may ask any questions of the staff, Applicant and Participants. (h) Final argument may be made by the staff, related solely to the evidence in the record. (i) Final argument may be made by the applicant, related solely to evidence in the record. b. A qualified Intervenor may make a presentation, conduct cross-examination and make final arguments in the order as decided by the chair. c. The chair shall keep order, and without requiring an objection, may direct a Party conducting the cross-examination to stop a particular line of questioning that merely harasses, intimidates or embarrasses the individual being cross-examined; is unduly repetitious or is not relevant; or is beyond the scope of the testimony by the individual being cross-examined. If the Party conducting the cross-examination continuously violates directions from the chair to end a line of questioning deemed irrelevant and merely designed to harass, intimidate or embarrass the individual, the chair may terminate the cross-examination. d. After the presentations, and at the conclusion of any continuances, the Decision-making body shall deliberate on the application or appeal, as the case may be. Once the Decision-making body begins its deliberations, no further presentations or testimony shall be permitted except in the sole discretion of the Decision-making body. The Decision-making body’s decisions must be based upon Competent substantial evidence in the record. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 252/614 e. The Decision-making body may, on its own motion or at the request of any person, continue the hearing to a

embarrass the individual, the chair may terminate the cross-examination. d. After the presentations, and at the conclusion of any continuances, the Decision-making body shall deliberate on the application or appeal, as the case may be. Once the Decision-making body begins its deliberations, no further presentations or testimony shall be permitted except in the sole discretion of the Decision-making body. The Decision-making body’s decisions must be based upon Competent substantial evidence in the record. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 252/614 e. The Decision-making body may, on its own motion or at the request of any person, continue the hearing to a fixed date, time, and place. The Applicant shall have the right to one continuance; however, all subsequent continuances shall be granted at the sole discretion of the decision-making body. 7.1.4.6 Rules of evidence a. The Decision-making body shall not be bound by the strict rules of evidence, or limited only to consideration of evidence which would be admissible in a court of law. b. The chair may exclude evidence or testimony which is not Relevant, Material, or competent, or testimony which is unduly repetitious or defamatory. c. The chair, with the advice of the City Attorney, will determine the relevancy of evidence. d. Matters relating to an application’s consistency with the Comprehensive Plan or Miami 21 Code will be presumed to be Relevant and Material. e. Hearsay evidence may be used for the purpose of supplementing or explaining other evidence, but it shall not be sufficient by itself to support a finding unless it would be admissible over objection in a court. f. Documentary evidence may be presented in the form of a copy of the original, if available. A copy shall be made available to the Decision-making body and to the staff no later than two business days prior to the hearing on the application. Upon request, the Applicant and staff shall be given an opportunity to compare the copy with the original. Oversized exhibits shall be copied and reduced for convenient record storage. g. Only the Applicant, qualified Intervenor, staff and the Decision-making body shall be entitled to conduct cross-examination when testimony is given or documents are made a part of the record. h. The City Attorney shall represent the Decision-making body and advise it as to the procedures to be followed and the propriety, relevancy and admissibility of evidence presented at the hearing. i. The Decision-making body shall take judicial notice of all state and local laws, ordinances and regulations and may take judicial notice of such other matters as are generally recognized by the courts of the State of Florida. j. Supplementing the record after the quasi-judicial hearing is prohibited, unless specifically authorized by an affirmative vote of the Decision-making body under the following conditions: 1. The supplementation occurs after a quasi-judicial hearing is continued but prior to final action being taken on the application or the appeal. 2. If a question is raised by the Decision-making body at the hearing which cannot be answered at

shall take judicial notice of all state and local laws, ordinances and regulations and may take judicial notice of such other matters as are generally recognized by the courts of the State of Florida. j. Supplementing the record after the quasi-judicial hearing is prohibited, unless specifically authorized by an affirmative vote of the Decision-making body under the following conditions: 1. The supplementation occurs after a quasi-judicial hearing is continued but prior to final action being taken on the application or the appeal. 2. If a question is raised by the Decision-making body at the hearing which cannot be answered at the hearing, the Party to whom the question is directed may submit the requested information in writing to the Decision-making body after the quasi-judicial hearing, with copies to the other Parties, provided the hearing has been continued or another hearing has been scheduled for a future date and no final action has been taken by the Decision-making body. The information requested will be presented to the Decision-making body at the time of the continued hearing. 3. All Parties and Participants shall have the same right with respect to the additional information as they had for evidence presented at the hearing. 7.1.4.7 Final decision by the Decision-making body The Decision-making body shall reach a decision without unreasonable or unnecessary delay, which it shall adopt in writing. The written decision shall note the date issued and shall indicate the date filed in the City Clerk’s office. The Office of Hearing Boards shall provide the Applicant notification of the decision by certified mail. 7.1.4.8 The record All evidence admitted into the record at the hearing, and the adopted development order of the Decision-making body shall be maintained by the City Clerk in a hearing file for a period of at least forty-five days (45) from issuance of the decision. 7.1.5 Appeals Appeals to the appropriate appellate body from the following decisions shall be made as follows: a. Fifteen (15) days from the posting on the city website of the decision of the Zoning Administrator on an application for zoning interpretation or Waiver, and fifteen (15) days from the denial or revocation of a Certificate of Use: to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. b. Fifteen (15) days from the posting on the city website of the decision of the Planning Director on a Warrant or planning determination: to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. c. Fifteen (15) days from the decision of the Planning, Zoning, and Appeals Board on an Exception or a Variance: to the City Commission. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 253/614 d. Fifteen (15) days from the decision of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board on a zoning interpretation appeal, denial or revocation of a Certificate of Use appeal, planning determination appeal or Warrant appeal: to the City Commission. e. Thirty (30) days from the appellate decision of the City Commission on a zoning interpretation appeal, denial or revocation of a Certificate of Use appeal, planning determination appeal, Warrant appeal,

Board. c. Fifteen (15) days from the decision of the Planning, Zoning, and Appeals Board on an Exception or a Variance: to the City Commission. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 253/614 d. Fifteen (15) days from the decision of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board on a zoning interpretation appeal, denial or revocation of a Certificate of Use appeal, planning determination appeal or Warrant appeal: to the City Commission. e. Thirty (30) days from the appellate decision of the City Commission on a zoning interpretation appeal, denial or revocation of a Certificate of Use appeal, planning determination appeal, Warrant appeal, Variance appeal or Exception appeal: to the circuit court of the eleventh judicial circuit in the manner set forth in the rules of the court. f. Thirty (30) days from the decision of the City Commission on a code amendment: to the circuit court of the eleventh judicial circuit in the manner set forth in the rules of the court. 7.1.6 Notice of Hearings Notice of hearings shall be as set forth in Chapter 62 of the City Code or as set forth in the Miami 21 Code. 7.1.7 Unity of Title 7.1.7.1 When required The owner of a property shall submit a Unity of Title in recordable form to the Office of Zoning providing that all of the property encompassing the Lot upon which the Building and appurtenances are to be located shall be held together as one (1) tract of land and providing that no part or parcel shall be conveyed or mortgaged separate and apart from the Lot, as set forth under the Building Permit in the following cases: 7.1.7.2 Specific requirements For any application, the following information shall be required: 7.1.7.3 Approval No Building Permit shall be issued until the required Unity of Title has been approved by the Zoning Administrator and any other City officials that may be required by the City Manager, in a legal form acceptable to the City Attorney and upon proper recording in the Miami-Dade County Public Records at the Owner’s sole expense. 7.1.7.4 Recording Whenever a Development site consists of more than one (1) Lot, whether the combination of Lots is required to meet minimum zoning requirements or the Development site is not platted as a single Development site. a. Whenever a Unity of Title is required by an ordinance or resolution adopted by the City Commission. b. Whenever the City of Miami requires a Unity of Title be executed as a condition to the issuance of any Variance or permit or prior to acceptance of any terms of an agreement. c. The owner shall provide a certificate of ownership by an opinion of title from an attorney licensed to practice law in the State of Florida. Said opinion of title, which shall be from the point of beginning, shall be based upon an abstract brought up within ten (10) days of the requirement that such Unity of Title be recorded. a. The opinion of title shall include the names

City of Miami requires a Unity of Title be executed as a condition to the issuance of any Variance or permit or prior to acceptance of any terms of an agreement. c. The owner shall provide a certificate of ownership by an opinion of title from an attorney licensed to practice law in the State of Florida. Said opinion of title, which shall be from the point of beginning, shall be based upon an abstract brought up within ten (10) days of the requirement that such Unity of Title be recorded. a. The opinion of title shall include the names and addresses of all mortgagees and lien holders, the description of the mortgages or liens, if applicable, and the status of all real estate taxes due and payable. b. The Unity of Title shall be executed with the same formality and manner as a warranty deed under the laws of the State of Florida. c. Prior to submission of a Unity of Title, the owner shall conduct a lien search with the Office of Hearing Boards and the Department of Finance and comply with any code enforcement violations and satisfy any outstanding liens, if applicable, due to the City. d. A legal description and a certified land survey of the site boundaries shall be provided. The survey shall be performed in accordance with the Florida Administrative Code and dated within one (1) year preceeding the filing date of the application providing such survey accurately reflects all current conditions of the subject property. e. A signed and sealed “Sketch and Legal Description” created by a Professional Surveyor and Mapper to describe land boundaries and to provide definitive identification of boundary lines. The sketch shall show all information referenced in the legal description and shall state that such sketch is not a survey. f. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 254/614 The owner shall be solely responsible for the costs of recording the Unity of Title in the Public Records of Miami-Dade County. The Owner shall also be responsible for an administrative fee of $3.50 which shall be payable to the City upon submission of the Unity of Title to the Office of Zoning. 7.1.7.5 Covenant in lieu of Unity of Title Whenever a Unity of Title is required, pursuant to this section, a covenant in lieu thereof shall be acceptable provided that said covenant conforms to all of the following requirements: Where multiple Buildings on a single site exist, or for properties which contain multiple owners on a single site, the City may accept a covenant in lieu of Unity of Title. The acceptance of said covenant shall require the approval of the Zoning Administrator, the Building Official, the directors of the Resilience and Public Works Department and the Planning Department, and any other City officials that may be required by the City Manager. The acceptance of a covenant in lieu of Unity of Title will not constitute a subdivision of land for purposes of this article. The request for submittal of

multiple Buildings on a single site exist, or for properties which contain multiple owners on a single site, the City may accept a covenant in lieu of Unity of Title. The acceptance of said covenant shall require the approval of the Zoning Administrator, the Building Official, the directors of the Resilience and Public Works Department and the Planning Department, and any other City officials that may be required by the City Manager. The acceptance of a covenant in lieu of Unity of Title will not constitute a subdivision of land for purposes of this article. The request for submittal of a covenant in lieu of Unity of Title shall be evaluated with regard to its impact on the community. a. If a negative impact on the community exists, the request for submittal of the covenant in lieu of Unity of Title shall be denied. b. If no negative impact on the community exists, the covenant in lieu of Unity of Title may be approved. c. The following shall be reviewed when determining whether a negative impact on the community exists: d. The off-street parking and loading facilities related to adjacent streets, including ingress and egress to the subject property, with particular importance on pedestrian safety, convenience, internal traffic flow and control, arrangement in relation to access in case of fire or other emergency, and screening and landscaping. 1. The utilities on the subject property. 2. The maintenance of the subject property. 3. A covenant in lieu of Unity of Title shall not be accepted for residential properties in T3-R and T3-L Transects (Single Family). A covenant in lieu of Unity of Title may be accepted in the T3-O Transect (Two-Family Residential) provided that the amount of multiple owners of the property not exceed the number of Dwelling Units constructed thereon. e. The covenant in lieu of Unity of Title, approved for legal form and sufficiency by the City Attorney, or designee, shall run with the land and be binding upon the heirs, successors, personal representatives and assigns, and upon all mortgagees and lessees and others presently or in the future having any interest in the property. The covenant in lieu of Unity of Title shall contain the following elements: f. That in the event of multiple ownership subsequent to the approval of the covenant in lieu of Unity of Title, each of the subsequent owners shall be bound by the terms, provisions and conditions of the covenant. The owner shall further agree not to convey portions of the subject property to such other parties unless and until the owners and such parties shall have executed and mutually delivered, in recordable form an instrument to be known as an “easement and operating agreement” which shall include, but is not limited to: 1. Easements in the common area of each parcel for ingress to and egress from the other parcels; (a) Easements in the common area of each parcel for the passage and parking of vehicles; (b) Easements in the common area

terms, provisions and conditions of the covenant. The owner shall further agree not to convey portions of the subject property to such other parties unless and until the owners and such parties shall have executed and mutually delivered, in recordable form an instrument to be known as an “easement and operating agreement” which shall include, but is not limited to: 1. Easements in the common area of each parcel for ingress to and egress from the other parcels; (a) Easements in the common area of each parcel for the passage and parking of vehicles; (b) Easements in the common area of each parcel for the passage and accommodation of pedestrians; (c) Easements for access roads across the common area of each parcel to public and private roadways; (d) Easements for the installation, use, operation, maintenance, repair, replacement, relocation or removal of utility facilities in appropriate areas in each such parcel; (e) Easements on each parcel for construction of buildings and improvements in favor of each other parcel; (f) Easements upon each parcel in favor of each adjoining parcel for the installation, use, maintenance, repair, replacement and removal of common construction improvements such as footing, supports and foundations; (g) Easements on each parcel for attachment of Buildings; (h) Easements on each parcel for Building overhangs and other overhangs and projections encroaching upon such parcel from adjoining parcel such as, by way of example, marquees, canopies, lights, lighting devices, awnings, wing walls and the like; (i) Appropriate reservation of rights to grant easements to utility companies; (j) Appropriate reservation of rights to road rights-of-way and curb cuts; (k) Easements in favor of each such parcel for pedestrian and vehicular traffic over dedicated private ring roads and access roads; and (l) Appropriate agreements between the owners of the several parcels as to the obligation to maintain and repair all private roadways, parking facilities, common areas and common facilities and the like. These instruments or portions may be waived if approved by the directors of the Resilience and Public Works Department and Planning Department, the Building Official, and the Zoning Administrator, or their designees, if the provisions are inapplicable to the subject property. In addition, the instruments shall contain such other provisions with respect to the operation, maintenance and development of the property as the parties may agree. Such provision may be modified or amended by such parties (or the applicable association governing such parties) without approval or joinder by the directors, or their designees, if it will be constructed, conveyed and operated in accordance with an approved site plan. The multiple owners may, by mutual agreement, allocate among themselves and the parcels owned by them, setbacks, parking, open space, floor area and similar governmental requirements, and these allocations shall be honored in connection with requests for future site plan changes. (m) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 255/614 7.1.7.6 Modification, amendment, or release No Unity of Title, Covenant in Lieu of Unity of Title, or Declaration of Restrictive Covenant required by this Code, the

parties) without approval or joinder by the directors, or their designees, if it will be constructed, conveyed and operated in accordance with an approved site plan. The multiple owners may, by mutual agreement, allocate among themselves and the parcels owned by them, setbacks, parking, open space, floor area and similar governmental requirements, and these allocations shall be honored in connection with requests for future site plan changes. (m) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 255/614 7.1.7.6 Modification, amendment, or release No Unity of Title, Covenant in Lieu of Unity of Title, or Declaration of Restrictive Covenant required by this Code, the City Code, or the City Commission shall be modified, amended, or released except as set forth below, unless required to obtain approval by a vote of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board and/or the City Commission which shall only occur upon a recommendation of the Release Review Committee applying the criteria in Section 7.1.7.6(a)(1). a. Any application requesting a modification, amendment, or release of a Unity of Title, Covenant in Lieu of Unity of Title, or Declaration of Restrictive Covenant shall be referred to a Release Review Committee, which shall be comprised of the Zoning Administrator, Building Official, and the Directors of the Resilience and Public Works Department, Planning Department, and Code Compliance Department. The Office of the City Attorney shall provide legal services as may be necessary and requested by the committee. The Release Review Committee shall convene within thirty (30) days of receipt of a complete application. 1. All applications shall be reviewed by the Release Review Committee to determine whether the modification, amendment, or release will cause a violation of this Code, City Code, the Florida Building Code, or any other legal rule or requirement as well as whether the modification, amendment, or release would be contrary to the purpose for which the original covenant was executed (i.e. a release may be proper due to a replat of the properties united or the removal of any encroachments which necessitated the unity or is no longer necessary to preserve and protect the property for the purposes herein intended). b. A Unity of Title may be modified, amended, or released by the Zoning Administrator and Building Official, in a form acceptable to the City Attorney, following a recommendation of approval by the Release Review Committee. Joinder shall be required by each of the Directors of the Resilience and Public Works Department and the Planning Department for any modification, amendment, or release of a Covenant in Lieu of Unity of Title or Declaration of Restrictive Covenant. c. Notification of the Release Review Committee's findings shall be sent to the applicant. If the applicant does not agree with the findings of the Release Review Committee, they may request, in writing, to the Zoning Administrator a review of the findings. The Zoning Administrator shall then reconvene a meeting of the Release Review Committee to discuss the findings with the applicant. In the absence of a determination favorable to the applicant, a Unity

Works Department and the Planning Department for any modification, amendment, or release of a Covenant in Lieu of Unity of Title or Declaration of Restrictive Covenant. c. Notification of the Release Review Committee's findings shall be sent to the applicant. If the applicant does not agree with the findings of the Release Review Committee, they may request, in writing, to the Zoning Administrator a review of the findings. The Zoning Administrator shall then reconvene a meeting of the Release Review Committee to discuss the findings with the applicant. In the absence of a determination favorable to the applicant, a Unity of Title, Covenant in Lieu of Unity of Title, or Declaration of Restrictive Covenant shall be released only by resolution of the City Commission at a duly noticed hearing. d. All modifications, amendments, or releases approved pursuant to this Section shall be recorded in the public records of Miami-Dade County, Florida at the property owner’s sole expense. e. Any modification, amendments, or releases approved pursuant to this Section shall require an oath and affirmation by the applicant (which if a corporation, partnership, or similar entity shall be deemed that natural person who signs such document) notifying the applicant that any such approval procured through misrepresentation may constitute perjury. f. Any modification, amendments, or releases approved pursuant to this Section by a misleading, false, or fraudulent survey may subject the surveyor who prepared such survey to referral by the City Manager or his / her designee to the appropriate licensing body for disciplinary action. 7.1.7.7 Recorded agreements between parties superseded by covenants in lieu of Unity of Title Whenever a covenant in lieu of Unity of Title is drafted which makes specific reference to and provides new conditions, requirements and limitations for any characteristic or aspect of use pertaining to the subject property, such new covenant shall supersede any other existing agreements regulating such matters, or shall be accepted as a substitute for any agreements required from the applicant pertaining to joint or shared facilities. 7.2 NONCONFORMITIES: STRUCTURES; USES; LOTS; SITE IMPROVEMENTS; AND SIGNS 7.2.1 Generally The covenant in lieu of Unity of Title shall be in effect for a period of thirty (30) years from the date the documents are recorded in the public records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, after which time it shall be extended automatically for successive periods of ten (10) years, unless released in writing by the Owners with approval pursuant to section 7.1.7.6. With respect to any portion of the subject property over which a condominium, homeowners or other similar association then exists, the instrument of amendment, modification or release shall be executed by such association (in accordance with its governing documents) in lieu of the fee owners of such portion of the subject property. For modifications, amendments, or releases, joinder is required by the Zoning Administrator, Building Official, and the directors of the Resilience and Public Works Department and the Planning Department pursuant to Section 7.1.7.6. 2. The remaining requirements as discussed in this Article

Owners with approval pursuant to section 7.1.7.6. With respect to any portion of the subject property over which a condominium, homeowners or other similar association then exists, the instrument of amendment, modification or release shall be executed by such association (in accordance with its governing documents) in lieu of the fee owners of such portion of the subject property. For modifications, amendments, or releases, joinder is required by the Zoning Administrator, Building Official, and the directors of the Resilience and Public Works Department and the Planning Department pursuant to Section 7.1.7.6. 2. The remaining requirements as discussed in this Article concerning a Unity of Title shall also apply to a covenant in lieu of a Unity of Title. g. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 256/614 a. Definition A nonconformity as used in this Code is an existing Use, Structure, Lot or site improvement that is in compliance with the zoning regulations that were applicable to it when it was established, and for which all required permits were issued, but which does not conform in whole or in part to the regulations of this Code. Such nonconformity is legal and may continue except as regulated by this section. 1. A nonconformity may also be created where the lawful use of eminent domain or an order of a court of competent jurisdiction has affected the lawfully existing Use, Structure, Lot or site improvement in a way so that the property does not comply with this Code. In this instance, the nonconformity is legal and may continue except as regulated by this section. 2. A change in tenancy, ownership, or management of a nonconforming Use, Structure, Lot or site improvement shall not be construed to create a nonconformity, provided the change is otherwise lawful and in compliance with this Code. b. Intent concerning nonconformities generally. It is the intent of this Code that nonconformities may continue but are not encouraged to expand or enlarge, and once they cease they may not be re- established, except under the terms of Section 7.2. c. The existence of nonconformity shall not be used as a reason to add new Uses, Structures, or site improvements that are not allowed by the regulations of the Transect Zone in which it is located. d. The temporary or illegal Use of property shall not be sufficient to establish the existence of a nonconformity or to create rights in the continuation of a nonconformity until it shall come into compliance with the regulations of this Code. e. If at any time a nonconforming Structure, or any Structure containing a nonconforming Use, becomes unsafe or unlawful by declaration of the City of Miami, Miami-Dade County Unsafe Structures Board, or other government agency having jurisdiction, the Use shall not be reestablished except in conformity with the regulations of the Transect Zone in which it is located unless the Structure has been repaired within the timeframes prescribed in the decision order finding the Structure to be unsafe. 7.2.2 Structures and Uses in the Event

of a nonconformity until it shall come into compliance with the regulations of this Code. e. If at any time a nonconforming Structure, or any Structure containing a nonconforming Use, becomes unsafe or unlawful by declaration of the City of Miami, Miami-Dade County Unsafe Structures Board, or other government agency having jurisdiction, the Use shall not be reestablished except in conformity with the regulations of the Transect Zone in which it is located unless the Structure has been repaired within the timeframes prescribed in the decision order finding the Structure to be unsafe. 7.2.2 Structures and Uses in the Event of Disaster a. Single-Family Residences, Duplexes and Multi-Family Structures In the event of a natural disaster, explosion, fire, act of God, or the public enemy, the Zoning Administrator may permit the reconstruction of any nonconforming Single-Family Residence, duplex or multi-family structures to the same or decreased nonconformity as existed immediately prior to the disaster, upon proof satisfactory to the Zoning Administrator of the configuration of the prior Single-Family Residence, duplex or multi-family structures, and only in compliance with the Florida Building Code. An application for reconstruction of the Single-Family Residence, duplex or multi-family structures shall be filed within twelve (12) months of the event of its destruction, unless the City Commission authorizes the Zoning Administrator to extend the twelve (12) month time period city-wide. b. All Other Structures 1. Where a nonconforming Structure is destroyed by natural disaster, explosion, fire, act of God, or the public enemy, the Zoning Administrator may, by Waiver, allow the replacement or reconstruction of the nonconforming Structure in whole or in part upon finding that the Waiver criteria of this Code and the criteria of paragraph 2 below are met. 2. Criteria for approval. Replacement or reconstruction may be permitted if the following findings are made. (a) The cause of destruction was not the deliberate action of the owner of the Structure or his agents. (b) The replacement or reconstruction is reasonably necessary to allow the conforming Use of the Structure. (c) The replacement or reconstruction meets the Florida Building Code. 3. An Application for the reconstruction or repair shall be filed within a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the destruction unless the City Commission authorizes the Zoning Administrator to extend the twelve (12) month time period city-wide. c. Nonconforming Uses 1. The restoration of a nonconforming Use within a Structure that is destroyed by natural disaster, explosion, fire, act of God, or the public enemy, may be approved by Warrant. The Use must be restored in a conforming Structure or Structure approved by Waiver, and of equal or lesser size and on the same Lot. The approval shall further find that the criteria of paragraph 2 below are met. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 257/614 2. Criteria for approval. The restoration of the nonconforming Use may be permitted if all of the following are found to be met: (a) The cause of destruction was not the deliberate action of the

that is destroyed by natural disaster, explosion, fire, act of God, or the public enemy, may be approved by Warrant. The Use must be restored in a conforming Structure or Structure approved by Waiver, and of equal or lesser size and on the same Lot. The approval shall further find that the criteria of paragraph 2 below are met. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 257/614 2. Criteria for approval. The restoration of the nonconforming Use may be permitted if all of the following are found to be met: (a) The cause of destruction was not the deliberate action of the owner of the Structure or his agents; and (b) Nothing contained in the provisions of this Code or the City Code requires termination of such nonconforming Use; and (c) There is substantial public advantage in continuance of the nonconforming Use; and (d) Replacement or reconstruction in the manner proposed, with related actions imposed in conditions and safeguards, will reduce any previous adverse effects of the Use on neighboring properties; and (e) The Use will not be enlarged or intensified. 3. The application for restoration shall be filed within twelve (12) months of destruction and be diligently carried to completion. Unless restoration is so initiated and completed, the nonconforming Use shall terminate and not be resumed. 7.2.3 Alterations and Expansion of Nonconforming Structures a. Single-Family Residences and Duplexes 1. Interior alterations to a nonconforming Single-Family Residence or duplex for interior work such as repairs or interior remodeling shall be allowed. 2. Alterations, additions, repairs and maintenance to a nonconforming Single-Family Residence or duplex shall be permitted as long as there is no enlargement of any nonconformity that affects the exterior of the Building or premises. 3. Where alteration, addition, repair or maintenance enlarges a nonconformity affecting the exterior of the Building or premises, the enlargement may be permitted by process of Waiver. b. All other Structures 1. Less than fifty percent (50%) of square footage of Structure. Alterations which enlarge the nonconformity of a nonconforming Structure to an extent of less than fifty percent (50%) of the total square footage of the nonconforming Structure may be permitted by Exception from the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. 2. Fifty percent (50%) or more of square footage of the Structure. A nonconforming Structure may be altered to enlarge the nonconformity of the Structure by fifty percent (50%) or more of the total square footage of the nonconforming Structure only if the Structure thereafter conforms to the Transect Zone in which it is located. 3. The raising of a nonconforming Structure, in order to bring the finished floor elevation above the Base Flood Elevation as determined by FEMA and does not enlarge the nonconformity, shall be permitted. c. Computation of alterations The extent of alteration will be calculated to include the sum of all alterations over a period of three consecutive years. d. Expansion, repairs, remodeling and maintenance that do not enlarge the nonconformity of a nonconforming Structure. All expansions, repairs, remodeling and maintenance

footage of the nonconforming Structure only if the Structure thereafter conforms to the Transect Zone in which it is located. 3. The raising of a nonconforming Structure, in order to bring the finished floor elevation above the Base Flood Elevation as determined by FEMA and does not enlarge the nonconformity, shall be permitted. c. Computation of alterations The extent of alteration will be calculated to include the sum of all alterations over a period of three consecutive years. d. Expansion, repairs, remodeling and maintenance that do not enlarge the nonconformity of a nonconforming Structure. All expansions, repairs, remodeling and maintenance that do not enlarge the nonconformity of the Structure are permitted consistent with the Florida Building Code. 7.2.4 Moving a Nonconforming Structure on the Same Lot A nonconforming Structure may be moved on the same Lot only pursuant to an Exception. In addition to satisfying the Exception criteria, the following criteria apply: a. The proposed movement must reduce the degree of nonconformity to the maximum extent reasonably feasible, or eliminate the nonconformity; b. The Structure shall in no case be moved in such a manner as to increase the degree of nonconformity; and c. Where a nonconforming Structure is moved to a location not on the same Lot, the Structure and all new construction shall thereafter conform to the regulations for the Transect Zone to which it is moved. 7.2.5 Locally Designated Historic Resources—Nonconformities a. Definition 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 258/614 A locally designated historic resource is a Building or Structure listed in the Miami Register of Historic Places that has been deemed individually significant for its contribution to Miami’s history and sense of place; or is a part of a locally designated historic district where the individual Building or Structure is deemed to add to the historic architectural qualities or historical associations, and the Building or Structure has been so designated through the formal public process provided in Chapter 23 of the City Code. b. Generally Nonconforming locally designated historic resources shall be subject to the regulations of this section, except as they may be granted certain waivers or an exception for preservation purposes by the Historic and Environmental Preservation Board pursuant to Chapter 23 of the City Code. 7.2.6 Nonconforming Uses a. Time Limitation Where, at the effective date of adoption or amendment of this Code, a lawful Use exists which would not be permitted under this Code, the Use may be continued for twenty (20) years from the date the Use first became legal noncomforming and consistent with the regulations of this section. The Use shall not be allowed to continue automatically upon expiration of the twenty (20) years. Upon application, the City Commission may grant by Exception an extension for continuance of the Use for an additional term of up to twenty (20) years. However, accessory parking abutting T3-R areas that were approved as transitional Uses under prior zoning codes and were legally nonconforming prior to the adoption of this Code will not have a

Code, the Use may be continued for twenty (20) years from the date the Use first became legal noncomforming and consistent with the regulations of this section. The Use shall not be allowed to continue automatically upon expiration of the twenty (20) years. Upon application, the City Commission may grant by Exception an extension for continuance of the Use for an additional term of up to twenty (20) years. However, accessory parking abutting T3-R areas that were approved as transitional Uses under prior zoning codes and were legally nonconforming prior to the adoption of this Code will not have a continued automatic twenty-year (20) extension as provided in this section, but shall instead seek an Exception before the City Commission within sixty (60) days of renewal of a Certificate of Use. b. Legally established alcoholic beverage establishments, having a valid Certificate of Use or certificate of occupancy and all other required permits, may continue in existence despite subsequent establishment of a church or school within the distance limitations of Chapter 4 entitled “Alcoholic Beverages” of the City Code. c. Replacement and Expansion of Structures that Contain Nonconforming Use 1. No enlargement, extension, replacement, or reconstruction of an existing Structure which contains a nonconforming Use shall be permitted except to change the Use to a conforming Use, except as provided below: 1. Interior Arrangement A nonconforming Use may be extended throughout any parts of a Structure which was clearly designed or arranged for the nonconforming Use at the time that the Use became nonconforming. If a portion of a Structure was unoccupied or not manifestly designed for the nonconforming Use, the Use may not be expanded within the Structure. 2. Alterations to the extent of less than fifty percent (50%) of the square footage of a Structure containing a nonconforming Use Where an alteration of a Structure containing a nonconforming Use is less than fifty percent (50%) of the square footage of the Structure at the time of alteration, the nonconforming Use may be permitted to continue pursuant to an Exception. 3. Exterior No nonconforming Use which exists outside a Structure shall be extended to occupy more area than was occupied at the time the Use became nonconforming, except as approved by Exception and to comply with the non Use regulations of the Transect in which it is located. In this case, the occupancy of the new location shall be construed as remaining a nonconforming Use. 2. Extending / Transferring the Nonconforming Use No nonconforming Use shall be extended to occupy any other Structure on the same Lot or parcel if the other Structure was not used for the nonconforming Use at the time the Use became nonconforming. 3. Subdivision or structural additions Structures used for nonconforming Uses shall not be subdivided, nor shall any Structures be added on the premises, except for conforming Uses and Structures. d. Discontinuance or Abandonment of a nonconforming Use If, for a period of more than six (6) months, a nonconforming Use is documented as

as remaining a nonconforming Use. 2. Extending / Transferring the Nonconforming Use No nonconforming Use shall be extended to occupy any other Structure on the same Lot or parcel if the other Structure was not used for the nonconforming Use at the time the Use became nonconforming. 3. Subdivision or structural additions Structures used for nonconforming Uses shall not be subdivided, nor shall any Structures be added on the premises, except for conforming Uses and Structures. d. Discontinuance or Abandonment of a nonconforming Use If, for a period of more than six (6) months, a nonconforming Use is documented as being discontinued or a Certificate of Use for a nonconforming Use lapses, any subsequent Use shall conform to the regulations of this Code. Provided, however, the time period shall not include any time during which the discontinuance is caused by governmental action which impedes access to the premises. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 259/614 e. Exception for specific purpose structures Structures clearly designed or arranged specifically for a Use or Uses that are no longer in conformity with the regulations of the Transect Zone in which they are located may be permitted to reestablish the non-conforming Use or Uses by Exception upon demonstrating said nonconforming Use or Uses can be rendered compatible with their present context and provided that the Structure is locally designated as a historic site or is a contributing structure in a historic district. This process is limited to reestablishing Uses that are currently permitted in the City under this Code. 7.2.7 Nonconforming Lots a. Nonconforming Lot A nonconforming Lot may continue and may be used as provided by this section. A nonconforming Lot is one shown on the latest recorded plat or described by deed, both as recorded in the public records of Miami-Dade County, which met the width, length and area requirements in effect when the Lot became of record, and which Lot would not conform to the requirements of this Code. b. Street or alley closure When a Lot has become nonconforming due to a street or alley vacation or closure, the Lot may be modified pursuant to an approval by the Director of the Public Works Department as long as the degree of nonconformity created by the vacation or closure is not increased. c. Rules concerning combinations of contiguous nonconforming Lots in the same ownership and with common Frontage for T3 Transects only. 1. Combinations required (a) If two or more Lots, or combinations of Lots and portions of Lots, with continuous Frontage in the same ownership exist at the time of passage or amendment of this Code, and if all or part of the Lots do not meet the requirements for Lot width and area, the lands involved shall be considered an “undivided parcel” for the purposes of this Code. Except as provided below in paragraph c.2., no portion of an undivided parcel shall be used or sold in a manner diminishing compliance with general Transect requirements for Lot width and area.

1. Combinations required (a) If two or more Lots, or combinations of Lots and portions of Lots, with continuous Frontage in the same ownership exist at the time of passage or amendment of this Code, and if all or part of the Lots do not meet the requirements for Lot width and area, the lands involved shall be considered an “undivided parcel” for the purposes of this Code. Except as provided below in paragraph c.2., no portion of an undivided parcel shall be used or sold in a manner diminishing compliance with general Transect requirements for Lot width and area. (b) The undivided parcel shall be considered one Lot for which only one Single-Family Residence or duplex may be constructed, regardless of how many nonconforming Lots make up the parcel. (c) A unity of title, or covenant in lieu of unity of title, which complies with all applicable requirements of the City Code shall be required on all undivided parcels prior to the issuance of any building permits, including demolition permits. 2. Exceptions to the combination requirement Notwithstanding paragraph c.1, where nonconforming Lots with continuous Frontage in the same ownership exist at the time of passage or amendment of this Code, such Lots may be developed individually, in accordance with the applicable code requirements and pursuant to a Waiver, if such Lots individually comply with any of the following exceptions. (a) Duplex Lots restricted to Single-Family Residences The owner of two or more adjoining nonconforming duplex Lots must by covenant (in a form acceptable to the City Attorney) restrict the Use of the Lots to the development of no more than one Single-Family Residence per Lot and must comply with all Miami 21 Code requirements except for minimum Lot width. (b) The ninety percent (90%) rule The Lots must individually comply with ninety percent (90%) of the requirements for Lot width, area, and Principal Front Setback under the Miami 21 Code regulations. (c) The one thousand (1,000) feet radius rule The width or size of such nonconforming Lots must be equal to or larger than the majority of the existing Building sites within the same Transect Zones and either within a minimum one thousand (1,000) foot radius of the nonconforming Lot perimeter, or extending no further than the immediate vicinity, whichever is less. “Building site” shall mean a Lot, group of Lots or parcel upon which a Single-Family Residence or duplex is located. “Immediate vicinity” shall mean either an area in which a parcel of land is located that is physically, functionally or geographically identifiable as a distinct realm, place or neighborhood, or an area within a radius of one-half mile from the nonconforming Lot, whichever is smaller. 7.2.8 Nonconforming Site Improvements 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 260/614 Where legal non-conforming site improvements exist, such as Off-street Parking and loading, access, fences, walls, lighting, landscaping, or similar site improvements, such nonconformities may continue and the site may be altered only as provided below. 7.2.9 Nonconforming signs The following provisions shall

duplex is located. “Immediate vicinity” shall mean either an area in which a parcel of land is located that is physically, functionally or geographically identifiable as a distinct realm, place or neighborhood, or an area within a radius of one-half mile from the nonconforming Lot, whichever is smaller. 7.2.8 Nonconforming Site Improvements 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 260/614 Where legal non-conforming site improvements exist, such as Off-street Parking and loading, access, fences, walls, lighting, landscaping, or similar site improvements, such nonconformities may continue and the site may be altered only as provided below. 7.2.9 Nonconforming signs The following provisions shall apply to nonconforming signs: 7.2.9.1 Removal, Repair or Replacement All legally built Monument Signs, Freestanding Signs or Signs above a height of fifty (50) feet that do not meet the provisions of Section 10.2, Table 15 or Section 10.3.6, shall be removed within five (5) years or as applicable. All other legal, nonconforming Signs shall be removed within one (1) year from original adoption of Article 10. Any modifications, repair, replacement, alteration, or Change of Copy that does not increase the Nonconformity is permitted consistent with the Florida Building Code. 7.2.9.3 Rescission The Zoning Administrator may rescind any permit granted under this section for failure to maintain such Sign in appropriate condition and repair. A rescission by the Zoning Administrator may be rendered after a sixty (60) day written notice from the City and a finding that no corrections to the violations have been made, and the decision by the Zoning Administrator may be appealed in accordance with the procedures for appealing a Waiver. 7.2.9.4 Historic Signs Historic Signs as designated by the Historic Preservation Board pursuant to Chapter 23 of the City Code shall be permitted to remain and to be repaired, restored, structurally altered, or reconstructed as provided in Chapter 23.

ARTICLE 8 . THOROUGHFARES Amendments to Article 8 Non-conforming site improvements shall be required to conform to the provisions of this Code if fifty percent (50%) or more of the Floor Area on a Lot is demolished or removed. Docks and Piers shall be exempt from this requirement. a. No change shall be made to any non-conforming site improvement which increases the non-conformity. Changes that result in a reduction of the non- conformity by twenty percent (20%) or more shall be approved By Right. Changes that do not result in a reduction of the non-conformity by twenty percent (20%) or more may be approved by process of Waiver. b. Except in a T3 or T4-R Transect Zone or within an area of the City for which a parking trust fund has been established and is in effect pursuant to Chapter 35 of the City Code, where existing Off-street Parking is nonconforming to the requirements of this Code or any other City standards to any Use permitted in the Transect Zone, Adaptive Use, shall not require the provision of additional parking or loading. If the prior Use of such structure was single-family, duplex, or lodging and the site abuts a T3 Transect Zone, additional parking for the Adaptive Use shall be provided pursuant to Article 4, Table 4 of this Code. No modifications may be permitted which increase the degree of the existing nonconformity. The modifications to Off-street Parking may be approved by Waiver, and the Waiver may be conditioned on safeguards that reduce the degree of nonconformity to the extent reasonably feasible in the circumstances of the case. c. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 261/614 8.1 GENERAL DESCRIPTION This article describes the guidelines for development of Thoroughfares throughout the City. It supplements the design standards adopted in the City of Miami Manual of Engineering Standards for Design and Construction, maintained in its most current form at the City of Miami Department of Public Works. Where these guidelines conflict with the Manual, the standards of the Manual shall apply. The urban landscape is characterized by a set of interdependent elements that create a sense of place. These include Thoroughfare type, Building type, Frontage type, and the form and disposition of landscape and lighting. Thoroughfares provide the City with both the major part of public Open Space as well as moving lanes for vehicles, bicycles and transit. A Thoroughfare is associated with a particular type of movement, and is endowed with two attributes: movement type and character. The movement type of the Thoroughfare refers to the number of vehicles that can move safely through a segment within a given time period; it is physically manifested by the number of lanes and their width, by the centerline radius, the curb radius, and the super-elevation of the pavement. The character of the Thoroughfare refers to its suitability as a setting for pedestrian activities and is physically manifested by the associated Frontage types as determined by location within the Transect. Thoroughfares can be assigned appropriately

a particular type of movement, and is endowed with two attributes: movement type and character. The movement type of the Thoroughfare refers to the number of vehicles that can move safely through a segment within a given time period; it is physically manifested by the number of lanes and their width, by the centerline radius, the curb radius, and the super-elevation of the pavement. The character of the Thoroughfare refers to its suitability as a setting for pedestrian activities and is physically manifested by the associated Frontage types as determined by location within the Transect. Thoroughfares can be assigned appropriately to Transect Zones, with calibrated Right-of-Way widths, movement types, design speed, number of travel lanes, pavement width, curb radius and Verge type. In Zones T3 and T4, D1, D2 and D3, generally sidewalks occur at the edge of the Right-of-Way. In Zones T5 and T6, sidewalks occur at the edge of the Right- of-Way and are given the additional dimensions of the 10 foot setback in the First Layer. The following additional assumptions govern the Thoroughfares shown here: To clear sight lines for drivers, Visibility Triangles shall be required as described in Article 3, Section 3.8.4.1 Pavement widths are measured inside of curb to inside of curb. Curb and gutter may range from 1’-6” for City Thoroughfares to 2’-0” for some County Thoroughfares. Parking spaces range from 7’-0” to 9’-0” including pan; they should be wider on higher speed Thoroughfares but may be restricted by existing Right-of-Way dimensions. Right turns may be taken from the parking lane. Tree spacing is 22’ on center to match parallel parking or 25’ on center to match Lot Line spacing. Tree planters have a minimum dimension of 4’ x 4’, increased where possible to a 4’ x 8’ dimension. Bulb-outs may be added where Thoroughfare widths are wide and design speed high, or where sidewalks are narrow, in order to facilitate pedestrian safety. Thoroughfares must evolve with the needs of the City. As Miami continues to grow, a Thoroughfare may change in character reflecting new density, or conversely, a return to an historic dimension. For instance, a continuous lawn planter may be replaced with individual tree wells for additional sidewalk space, or a wide neighborhood street may be narrowed to control traffic intrusion. The accommodation of bicycles and transit requires detailed response to the existing Thoroughfare condition and thus is not illustrated specifically here. 8.2 ILLUSTRATION: THE THOROUGHFARE ACROSS THE TRANSECT MORE RURAL ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13235 11-18-2010 Minor and non-substantial modifications throughout the Code 10-00956zt 14200 07-27-2023 Amends Article 1, Article 4, Article 5, Article 8, and Article 9. The changes clarify and introduce new frontage-related definitions, illustrations, modify T5 and T6 height requirements and add tree placement flexibility. 13627 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 262/614 MORE URBAN 8.3 PUBLIC FRONTAGES RURAL TRANSECT URBAN TRANSECT ZONE Public Frontage Type T1 T2 HW & RD T1 T3 RD & ST T3 T4 ST & DR T3 T4 T5 RS-ST-AV-DR T4 T5

8.2 ILLUSTRATION: THE THOROUGHFARE ACROSS THE TRANSECT MORE RURAL ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13235 11-18-2010 Minor and non-substantial modifications throughout the Code 10-00956zt 14200 07-27-2023 Amends Article 1, Article 4, Article 5, Article 8, and Article 9. The changes clarify and introduce new frontage-related definitions, illustrations, modify T5 and T6 height requirements and add tree placement flexibility. 13627 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 262/614 MORE URBAN 8.3 PUBLIC FRONTAGES RURAL TRANSECT URBAN TRANSECT ZONE Public Frontage Type T1 T2 HW & RD T1 T3 RD & ST T3 T4 ST & DR T3 T4 T5 RS-ST-AV-DR T4 T5 T6 ST-AV-BV T4 T5 T6 D ST-AV-BV a. Assembly: The principal variables are the type and dimension of curbs, walkways, planters and landscape. b. Curb: The detailing of the edge of the vehicular pavement, incorporating drainage Type Open Swale Open Swale Raised Curb Raised Curb Raised Curb Raised Curb Radius 10-30 feet 10-30 feet 5-20 feet 5-20 feet 5-20 feet 5-20 feet c. Walkway: The pavement dedicated exclusively to pedestrian activity 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 263/614 Type Path Optional Path Sidewalk Sidewalk Sidewalk Sidewalk d. Planter: The layer which accommodates street trees and other landscape Arrangement Clustered Clustered Regular Regular Regular Opportunistic, Regular Species Multiple Multiple Alternating Single Single Single Planter Type Continuous Swale Continuous Swale Continuous Swale Continuous Swale Continuous Swale Individual Planter Note: Appropriate types for Civic Zones shall be determined based on context and abutting Transect Zones. a. (HW) For Highways: This Frontage has open swales drained by percolation, bicycle trails and no parking. The landscaping consists of the natural condition or multiple species arrayed in naturalistic clusters. Buildings are buffered by distance or berms. b. (RD) For Roads: This Frontage has open swales drained by percolation and a walking path or bicycle trail along one or both sides and yield parking. The landscaping consists of multiple species arrayed in naturalistic clusters. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 264/614 c. (ST) For Street: This Frontage has raised curbs drained by inlets and sidewalks separated from the vehicular lanes by individual or continuous planters, with parking on one or both sides. The landscaping consists of street trees of a single or alternating species aligned in a regularly spaced allee. d. (DR) For Drive: This Frontage has raised curbs drained by inlets and a wide sidewalk or paved path along one side, related to a greenway or waterfront. It is separated from the vehicular lanes by individual or continuous planters. The landscaping consists of street trees of a single or alternating species aligned in a regularly spaced allee. e. (AV) For Avenues: This Frontage has raised curbs drained by inlets and wide sidewalks separated from the vehicular lanes by a narrow continuous planter with parking on both sides. The landscaping consists of a single tree species aligned in a regularly spaced allee. f. (ST) (AV) For Mixed Use Streets or Avenues: This Frontage has raised curbs drained by inlets and very wide sidewalks along both sides separated from the

is separated from the vehicular lanes by individual or continuous planters. The landscaping consists of street trees of a single or alternating species aligned in a regularly spaced allee. e. (AV) For Avenues: This Frontage has raised curbs drained by inlets and wide sidewalks separated from the vehicular lanes by a narrow continuous planter with parking on both sides. The landscaping consists of a single tree species aligned in a regularly spaced allee. f. (ST) (AV) For Mixed Use Streets or Avenues: This Frontage has raised curbs drained by inlets and very wide sidewalks along both sides separated from the vehicular lanes by separate tree wells with grates and parking on both sides. The landscaping consists of a single tree species aligned with regular spacing where possible. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 265/614 8.4 ILLUSTRATION: SIDEWALKS 8.4.a ILLUSTRATION: FIRST LAYER DESIGN ADJACENT TO COMMERCIAL OR OFFICE FRONTAGES g. (BV) For Boulevards: This Frontage has slip roads on both sides. It consists of raised curbs drained by inlets and sidewalks along both sides, separated from the vehicular lanes by planters. The landscaping consists of rows of a single tree species aligned in a regularly spaced allee. Note: Appropriate types for Civic Zones shall be determined based on context and abutting Transect Zones. Garage Entrance Spacing Service Entrance Drive 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 266/614 1. The intent of the First Layer is to create a pedestrian-friendly public realm by expanding the adjacent Sidewalk with paving and landscaping according to the standards below: The first ten (10) feet of the First Layer shall be paved and flush with the adjacent Sidewalk. i. When existing uses are adaptively repurposed to Commercial or Office uses, the First Layer shall be paved per this illustration; except where existing legally built Structures or site improvements prevent compliance with this illustration. ii. Driveways that traverse the circulation zone shall be flush with the adjacent Sidewalk, with no raised curbs, and ADA compliant, including a maximum two percent (2%) cross-slope and a maximum five percent (5%) circulation slope. iii. There shall be no vertical Structures that obstruct the circulation iv. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 267/614 2. All improvements within the Public Right-of-Way shall be coordinated with and approved by Public Works. zone; except those Encroachments allowed pursuant to Article 5, Specific to Zones. Outdoor dining shall be placed in alignment and shall not obstruct a clear pedestrian path. v. Circulation zone shall be ADA compliant, including a maximum two percent (2%) cross-slope, and a maximum five percent (5%) circulation slope. vi. Street trees may be placed within parkways or bump-outs. Where not possible, street trees shall be located as close as possible to the back of curb and may be placed within tree grates or a porous paving tree pit system. i. Outdoor furnishings, trash cans, bike racks, and signage shall be aligned and shall not obstruct a clear pedestrian path. ii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 268/614 8.4.b ILLUSTRATION: FIRST LAYER DESIGN ADJACENT TO FRONTAGES THAT

path. v. Circulation zone shall be ADA compliant, including a maximum two percent (2%) cross-slope, and a maximum five percent (5%) circulation slope. vi. Street trees may be placed within parkways or bump-outs. Where not possible, street trees shall be located as close as possible to the back of curb and may be placed within tree grates or a porous paving tree pit system. i. Outdoor furnishings, trash cans, bike racks, and signage shall be aligned and shall not obstruct a clear pedestrian path. ii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 268/614 8.4.b ILLUSTRATION: FIRST LAYER DESIGN ADJACENT TO FRONTAGES THAT ARE NOT COMMERCIAL, OFFICE, OR A CIVIC SPACE TYPE 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 269/614 1. The intent of the First Layer is to create a pedestrian-friendly public realm by expanding the adjacent Sidewalk with paving and landscaping according to the standards below: The First Layer shall be paved and flush with the adjacent Sidewalk for a minimum of the first six and one-half (6.5) feet. The remainder shall be paved or landscaped. i. When existing Commercial or Office uses are adaptively repurposed to other uses, the First Layer shall be paved at a minimum as listed above; except where existing legally built Structures or site improvements prevent compliance with this illustration. ii. Driveways that traverse the circulation zone shall be flush with the adjacent Sidewalk, with no raised curbs, and ADA compliant, including a maximum two percent (2%) cross-slope and a maximum five percent (5%) circulation slope. iii. There shall be no vertical Structures that obstruct the circulation zone; except those Encroachments allowed pursuant to Article 5, Specific to Zones. iv. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 270/614 8.4.c ILLUSTRATION: FIRST LAYER DESIGN ADJACENT TO A CIVIC SPACE TYPE 2. All improvements within the Public Right-of-Way shall be coordinated with and approved by Public Works. Back of house spaces should have landscaping or artistic/architectural elements to mitigate blank walls. Plantings shall be no more than 24 inches in height. v. Circulation zone shall be ADA compliant, including a maximum two percent (2%) cross-slope, and a maximum five percent (5%) circulation slope. vi. Street trees may be placed within parkways or bump-outs. Where not possible, street trees shall be located as close as possible to the back of curb and may be placed within tree grates or a porous paving tree pit system. i. Outdoor furnishings, trash cans, bike racks, and signage shall be aligned and shall not obstruct a clear pedestrian path. ii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 271/614 The intent of the First Layer is to create a pedestrian- friendly public realm by expanding the adjacent Sidewalk with paving and landscaping according to the standards below: 1. If the Uses directly adjacent to the Civic Space type are predominantly Commercial or Office, then the first ten feet (10 ft.) of the First Layer shall be paved and flush with the adjacent Sidewalk. i. If the Uses directly adjacent to the Civic Space type are predominantly not Commercial or Office,

signage shall be aligned and shall not obstruct a clear pedestrian path. ii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 271/614 The intent of the First Layer is to create a pedestrian- friendly public realm by expanding the adjacent Sidewalk with paving and landscaping according to the standards below: 1. If the Uses directly adjacent to the Civic Space type are predominantly Commercial or Office, then the first ten feet (10 ft.) of the First Layer shall be paved and flush with the adjacent Sidewalk. i. If the Uses directly adjacent to the Civic Space type are predominantly not Commercial or Office, then the first six and one-half (6.5) of the First Layer shall be paved and flush with the adjacent Sidewalk. The remainder shall be paved or landscaped. ii. Driveways that traverse the circulation zone shall be flush with the adjacent Sidewalk, with no raised curbs, and ADA compliant, including a maximum two percent (2%) cross-slope and a maximum five iii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 272/614 percent (5%) circulation slope There shall be no vertical Structures that obstruct the circulation zone; except those Encroachments allowed pursuant to Article 5, Specific to Zones iv. Outdoor dining shall be placed in alignment and shall not obstruct a clear pedestrian path. v. Circulation zone shall be ADA compliant, including a maximum two percent (2%) cross-slope, and a maximum five percent (5%) circulation slope. vi. All improvements within the Public Right-of-Way shall be coordinated with and approved by Public Works. 2. Street trees may be placed within parkways or bump-outs. Where not possible, street trees shall be located as close as possible to the back of curb and may be placed within tree grates or a porous paving tree pit system i. Outdoor furnishings, trash cans, bike racks, and ii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 273/614

ARTICLE 9 . LANDSCAPE REQUIREMENTS Amendments to Article 9 9.1 INTENT AND PURPOSE It is the intent of this article to establish minimum landscape standards for the City of Miami that enhance, improve and maintain the quality of the landscape, and to: a. Promote Florida Friendly landscaping principles through the use of drought tolerant plant species, grouping of plant material by water requirements, the use of irrigation systems that conserve the use of potable and non potable water supplies and restrictions on the amount of lawn areas. Florida Friendly landscape principles also promote planting the right plant in the right place and appropriate fertilization and mulching. b. Use landscape material, specifically street trees, to visually define the hierarchy of roadways, and to provide shade and a visual edge along roadways. c. Prevent the destruction of the City’s existing tree canopy and promote its expansion. d. Provide for the preservation of existing Natural Forest Communities and specimen sized trees in conformance with existing City and County codes, as may be amended from time to time; re-establish native habitat where appropriate, and encourage the appropriate use of native plant materials in the landscape. e. Promote the use of trees and shrubs for energy conservation by encouraging cooling through the provision of shade and the channeling of breezes, thereby helping to offset global warming and local heat island effects through the added absorption of carbon dioxide and reduction of heat islands. f. Contribute to the processes of air movement, air purification, oxygen regeneration, ground water recharge, and stormwater runoff retention, while aiding in the abatement of noise, glare, heat, air pollution and dust generated by major roadways and intense use areas. g. Improve the aesthetic appearance of commercial, industrial and residential development through the use of appropriate plant materials, thereby protecting and increasing property values within the City, and protecting designated historic landscapes. h. Reduce the negative impacts of exotic pest plant species and prohibit the use of noxious exotic plants which invade native plant communities. i. Promote the use of trees to protect and buffer the effects of high winds on structures. j. Promote proper landscaping methods and selection of plant materials to avoid problems such as clogged sewers, cracked sidewalks and power services interruptions. 9.2 SHORT TITLE AND APPLICABILITY 9.2.1 Title a. This article shall be known and may be cited as the “City of Miami Landscape Ordinance” 9.2.2 Applicability a. This article shall be a minimum standard and shall apply to the City of Miami, and shall be enforced by the City. b. The provisions of this article shall be considered minimum standards and shall apply to all public and private development when a permit is required, except for existing attached and detached single family and duplex dwellings, including any future additions or expansions shall be exempt from the provisions of this article. signage shall be aligned and shall not obstruct a clear pedestrian path. ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13177 05-23-2010 “Green” ordinances carried into Miami 21 10-00519

This article shall be a minimum standard and shall apply to the City of Miami, and shall be enforced by the City. b. The provisions of this article shall be considered minimum standards and shall apply to all public and private development when a permit is required, except for existing attached and detached single family and duplex dwellings, including any future additions or expansions shall be exempt from the provisions of this article. signage shall be aligned and shall not obstruct a clear pedestrian path. ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13177 05-23-2010 “Green” ordinances carried into Miami 21 10-00519 13235 11-18-2010 Minor and non-substantial modifications throughout the Code 10-00956zt 14200 07-27-2023 Amends Article 1, Article 4, Article 5, Article 8, and Article 9. The changes clarify and introduce new frontage-related definitions, illustrations, modify T5 and T6 height requirements and add tree placement flexibility. 13627 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 274/614 c. Existing development shall only be required to comply with the street tree requirements and parking lot buffers. Parking lot buffers will not be required if inadequate area exists which will cause the elimination of any required parking pursuant to the City code or Zoning Ordinance. The provisions of this subsection shall only apply where a building permit is required for expansion of parking areas. 9.3. PLANS REQUIRED 9.3.1 General Landscape plan(s) shall be approved by the Office of Zoning, and where required pursuant to this code, an irrigation plan shall be approved by the Building Department prior to the issuance of any building permit or paving for new parking areas or expansion of existing parking areas. 9.3.2 Landscape plans a. Owner - builder single family or duplex dwelling: Landscape plan(s) submitted for new one (1) family or duplex dwellings may be in the form of a plot plan or drawing prepared by the owner or the owner’s representative, provided however, developments requiring review before the Urban Development Review Board shall provide Landscape Plans prepared by, and that bear the seal of, a landscape architect licensed to practice in the State of Florida, or by persons authorized by Chapter 481, Florida Statutes, to prepare landscape plans or drawings. b. All other development: The landscape plan for development other than provided for in 9.3.2 (a) above, shall be prepared by, and bear the seal of, a landscape architect licensed to practice in the State of Florida, or by persons authorized by Chapter 481, Florida Statutes, to prepare landscape plans or drawings. Preliminary landscape plans shall be provided as part of the submission for approval and shall: 1. Be drawn to scale and include property boundaries, north arrow, graphic scale, and date. 2. Include a vegetation survey, including an aerial photograph which outlines the subject site, provided at the same scale as the landscape plan. 3. Delineate existing and proposed structures, parking spaces, driveways and other vehicular use areas, sidewalks, utilities, easements, height and voltage of power lines on the property or adjacent property. 4. Indicate the common and scientific name

by Chapter 481, Florida Statutes, to prepare landscape plans or drawings. Preliminary landscape plans shall be provided as part of the submission for approval and shall: 1. Be drawn to scale and include property boundaries, north arrow, graphic scale, and date. 2. Include a vegetation survey, including an aerial photograph which outlines the subject site, provided at the same scale as the landscape plan. 3. Delineate existing and proposed structures, parking spaces, driveways and other vehicular use areas, sidewalks, utilities, easements, height and voltage of power lines on the property or adjacent property. 4. Indicate the common and scientific name and quantity of plants to be installed using the “Landscape Legend” code format as prescribed by the Director of the Planning Department. 5. Identify all landscape features and non-living landscape materials. 6. Show all areas of vegetation required to be preserved by law, including but not limited to trees, specimen trees, native plant species, Natural Forest Communities, native habitats and wetlands. 7. Illustrate geologic, historic and archeological features to be preserved. 8. Depict stormwater retention/detention areas and areas excluded from maximum permitted lawn area. 9. Document Transect Zone, Net Lot area, maximum Lot coverage, required Open Space, and maximum permitted lawn area. 10. Complete Preparer’s Statement of Landscape Compliance form. c. Final landscape plans submitted for permit shall include all of the above, as well as the following: 1. A fully completed, permanently affixed “Landscape Legend” as prescribed by the Director of the Planning Department. 2. Critical layout dimensions for trees, plant beds and landscape features. 3. Method(s) to protect and relocate trees and native plant communities during construction. 4. Planting details and specifications. 5. Irrigation plans, as required by this code. 6. Irrigation details and specifications, as required. 7. Notarized Preparer’s Statement of Landscape Compliance form. 9.3.3 Vegetation Survey A vegetation survey shall be provided for all sites at the same scale as the landscape plan. The vegetation survey shall be accompanied by an aerial photograph which outlines the subject site without obscuring its features. The vegetation survey shall provide the following information: a. The accurate location and graphic representation, in relation to existing development, of all existing trees of a minimum two (2) inch DBH or ten (10) foot height or, for native trees, of a minimum one and one-half (1 1/2) inch DBH or eight (8) foot height, including those which are proposed to be removed, relocated or preserved on site in accordance with the requirements of this Code and Chapter 17 of the City Code. b. The boundaries of any Scenic Transportation Corridor, Environmental Preservation District, native habitat, native plant community, native plant species, and/or Natural Forest Community and associated understory that exists on site, as determined by the City of Miami Commission or the Miami-Dade County Department of Environmental Resources Management. c. A table showing the following information: 1. The scientific and common name of each tree, each of which shall be numbered. 2. The diameter at breast height (DBH) of each tree, or if

or preserved on site in accordance with the requirements of this Code and Chapter 17 of the City Code. b. The boundaries of any Scenic Transportation Corridor, Environmental Preservation District, native habitat, native plant community, native plant species, and/or Natural Forest Community and associated understory that exists on site, as determined by the City of Miami Commission or the Miami-Dade County Department of Environmental Resources Management. c. A table showing the following information: 1. The scientific and common name of each tree, each of which shall be numbered. 2. The diameter at breast height (DBH) of each tree, or if a multiple trunk tree, the sum DBH for all trunks. 3. An estimate of the height, canopy cover, and physical condition of each tree, and whether specimen tree(s) exist on site. 9.3.4 Irrigation Plans An irrigation plan shall be submitted if an irrigation system is required by this code or where an irrigation system is to be provided regardless of code requirements. Where a landscape plan is required, an irrigation plan shall be submitted concurrently. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 275/614 a. For a new one-family or duplex dwelling the irrigation plan may be indicated on a plot plan or a separate drawing prepared by the owner or the owner’s agent indicating area(s) to be irrigated, location and specifications of lines and heads and pump specifications. b. All other development other than those provided in a subsection 9.3.4 (a) above shall: 1. Be drawn on a base plan at the same scale as landscape plan(s). 2. Delineate landscape areas, major landscape features, and hydrozones. 3. Delineate existing and proposed structures, parking areas or other vehicular use areas, access aisles, sidewalks, driveways, the location of utilities and easements, and similar features, 4. Include water source, design operating pressure and flow rate per zone, total volume required for typical depths of application, and application rate. 5. Include locations of pipes, controllers, valves, sprinklers, back flow prevention devices, rain switches or soil moisture sensors, and electrical supply. 6. Include irrigation details. 9.4 TREE REMOVAL AND PRESERVATION No person and no agent or representative thereof, directly or indirectly, shall cut down, destroy, move or effectively destroy through damaging any tree situated on any real property as described in Chapter 17 of the City Code, without first obtaining approval and a tree removal permit. No permit for development activity shall be issued until it has been determined that no tree removal permit is required or that a valid tree removal permit has been issued in compliance with this article. The City of Miami Code Enforcement Department is responsible for administering and enforcing these provisions in accordance with Chapter 17 of the City Code. 9.5 MINIMUM STANDARDS The following standards shall be considered minimum requirements unless otherwise indicated: 9.5.1 Lawn Area (turf) a. Grass areas shall be planted in species well adapted to localized growing conditions in Miami-Dade County. Grass areas may be sodded, plugged, sprigged, hydromulched, or seeded except that solid sod shall be used

been determined that no tree removal permit is required or that a valid tree removal permit has been issued in compliance with this article. The City of Miami Code Enforcement Department is responsible for administering and enforcing these provisions in accordance with Chapter 17 of the City Code. 9.5 MINIMUM STANDARDS The following standards shall be considered minimum requirements unless otherwise indicated: 9.5.1 Lawn Area (turf) a. Grass areas shall be planted in species well adapted to localized growing conditions in Miami-Dade County. Grass areas may be sodded, plugged, sprigged, hydromulched, or seeded except that solid sod shall be used in swales or other areas subject to erosion. In areas where other than solid sod or grass seed is used, overseeding shall be sown for immediate effect and protection until coverage is otherwise achieved. b. Exclusions from maximum permitted lawn areas: 1. Stabilized grassed area used for parking; 2. Grassed areas designated on landscape plans and actively used for sports, playgrounds or picnic areas; 3. Grassed areas in the right-of-way; 4. Stormwater retention/detention areas planted in grasses which are very drought tolerant, as referenced in the Landscape Manual, as well as tolerant to wet soils. c. Maximum permitted lawn area for all zoning districts is referenced in Table A. Very drought tolerant grasses and low growing native plants, including grasses and forbs, as referenced in the Landscape Manual, may be used as groundcover beyond the maximum permitted grass area specified in Table A. 9.5.2 Irrigation a. All newly-planted and relocated plant material shall be watered by temporary or permanent irrigation systems until such time as they are established and subsequently on an as needed basis to prevent stress and die off in compliance with existing water restrictions. b. Irrigation shall be prohibited within native plant communities and Natural Forest communities, except for temporary systems needed to establish newly planted material. Temporary irrigation systems shall be disconnected immediately after establishment of plant communities. c. Irrigation systems shall be designed, operated, and maintained to: 1. Meet the needs of the plants in the landscape 2. Conserve water by allowing differential operation schedules based on hydrozone. 3. Consider soil, slope and other site characteristics in order to minimize water waste, including overspray or overflow on to impervious surfaces and other non-vegetated areas, and off-site runoff. 4. Minimize free flow conditions in case of damage or other mechanical failure 5. Use low trajectory spray heads, and/or low volume water distributing or application devices. 6. Maximize uniformity, considering factors such as: i. Emitter types, ii. Head spacing, iii. Sprinkler pattern, and iv. Water pressure at the emitter. 7. Use the lowest quality water feasible (graywater shall be used where approved systems are available.) 8. Rain switches or other devices, such as soil moisture sensors, shall be used with automatic controls. 9. Operate only during hours and on days permitted under South Florida Water Management District rules. 10. Where feasible, drip irrigation or micro-sprinklers shall be used. 11. During dry periods, irrigation application rates of between

heads, and/or low volume water distributing or application devices. 6. Maximize uniformity, considering factors such as: i. Emitter types, ii. Head spacing, iii. Sprinkler pattern, and iv. Water pressure at the emitter. 7. Use the lowest quality water feasible (graywater shall be used where approved systems are available.) 8. Rain switches or other devices, such as soil moisture sensors, shall be used with automatic controls. 9. Operate only during hours and on days permitted under South Florida Water Management District rules. 10. Where feasible, drip irrigation or micro-sprinklers shall be used. 11. During dry periods, irrigation application rates of between one (1) and one and one-half (1 ½) inches per week are recommended for turf areas. 12. If an irrigation system is not provided, a hose bib shall be provided within seventy-five (75) feet of any landscape area. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 276/614 9.5.3 Trees a. Tree Size All trees, except street trees, shall be a minimum of twelve (12) feet high and have a minimum caliper of two (2) inches at time of planting, except that thirty (30) percent of the tree requirement may be met by native species with a minimum height of ten (10) feet and a minimum caliper of one and one-half (1 1/2) inches at time of planting. b. Street tree size and spacing Street trees shall be of a species typically grown in Miami-Dade County which normally mature to a height of at least twenty (20) feet. Street trees shall have a clear trunk of four (4) feet, an overall height of fifteen (15) feet and a minimum caliper of three (3) inches at time of planting, and shall be provided along all roadways at a maximum average spacing of thirty (30) feet on center, except as otherwise provided in this Article. The thirty (30) foot average spacing requirement for multiple single family units and townhouse shall be based on the total lineal footage of roadway for the entire project and not based on individual Lot widths. Street trees shall be placed within the swale area or shall be placed on private property where demonstrated to be necessary due to right-of-way obstructions as determined by the Public Works Department. Street trees planted along private roadways shall be placed within seven (7) feet of the edge of roadway pavement and/or where present within seven (7) feet of the sidewalk. c. Power lines Where the height and location of overhead power-lines requires the planting of low growing trees, street trees shall have a minimum height of eight (8) feet, a minimum caliper of one and one-half (1 1/2) inches at time of planting, and shall meet the following requirements: 1. Single trunk trees clear of lateral branches to four (4) feet and/or multi trunk trees or tree/shrubs, as referenced in the Landscape Manual, cleared of foliage to a height of four (4) feet. 2. A maximum average spacing of twenty-five (25) feet on center. 3. Maturing to a height and spread not encroaching within five

height and location of overhead power-lines requires the planting of low growing trees, street trees shall have a minimum height of eight (8) feet, a minimum caliper of one and one-half (1 1/2) inches at time of planting, and shall meet the following requirements: 1. Single trunk trees clear of lateral branches to four (4) feet and/or multi trunk trees or tree/shrubs, as referenced in the Landscape Manual, cleared of foliage to a height of four (4) feet. 2. A maximum average spacing of twenty-five (25) feet on center. 3. Maturing to a height and spread not encroaching within five (5) feet of overhead power distribution lines. 4. Under high voltage (50kV and above) transmission lines installed independent of underbuilt distribution lines, tree height and spread shall not exceed the minimum approach distances specified in the current ANSI (American National Standards Institute) Z133.1 Standards, as referenced in the Landscape Manual. 9.5.4 Palms Palms which meet all of the following requirements shall count as a required street tree on the basis of one (1) palm per tree. a. Minimum canopy of fifteen (15) feet at maturity. b. Provided at an average maximum spacing of twenty-five (25) feet on center. c. A single trunk palm species with a minimum ten (10) inches DBH and a minimum of eight (8) feet of clear wood or gray wood. d. Queen palms (Syagrus romanzoffiana) shall not be allowed as street trees. 9.5.5 Minimum Number of Trees The minimum number of required trees, in addition to street trees, is referenced in Table A. TABLE A Zoning District Number of Trees Required Maximum Lawn Area Per Acre of Net Lot Area Per Lot Percent of Req. Open Space Sub-Urban T3-R 3 50% T3-L 3 50% T3-O 3 50% Urban General T4-R 28 40% T4-L 28 40% T4-O 28 40% Urban Center T5-R 22 20% T5-L 22 20% T5-O 22 20% 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 277/614 *Requirements determined by most restrictive abutting Transect Zone Where a conflict exists, the requirement imposing the higher standard shall apply. a. Urban Center and Urban Core Transect Zones. In Urban Center or Urban Core Transect Zones, if the minimum number of trees required cannot be reasonably planted on the ground level of the subject property, the applicant may plant forty percent (40%) of the required trees on upper levels such as open recreation areas or exposed decks. All trees located on upper levels used towards the minimum requirements shall be regulated through Chapter 17: Environmental Preservation. b. b. Off-site tree planting. If the minimum number of trees required cannot be reasonably planted on the subject property, the applicant may enter into an agreement with the city, as approved by the department, to plant the excess number of required trees on public property within the City Commission district of the subject property. c. Tree trust fund. If the minimum number of trees required cannot be reasonably planted on the subject property, but as an alternative to the off-site tree planting option provided

upper levels used towards the minimum requirements shall be regulated through Chapter 17: Environmental Preservation. b. b. Off-site tree planting. If the minimum number of trees required cannot be reasonably planted on the subject property, the applicant may enter into an agreement with the city, as approved by the department, to plant the excess number of required trees on public property within the City Commission district of the subject property. c. Tree trust fund. If the minimum number of trees required cannot be reasonably planted on the subject property, but as an alternative to the off-site tree planting option provided in subsection 9.5.5.b, the applicant shall contribute into the city’s tree trust fund the sum of one thousand dollars ($1000.00) for each two (2) inch caliper tree required in accordance with Table A of Section 9.5.5. A city resident with current proof of residency and homestead status shall contribute five hundred ($500.00) for each two (2) inch caliper tree required in accordance with Table A of Section 9.5.5. d. Grassed areas that are to be used for organized sports such as football and soccer or other similar sports or playgrounds, that are clearly identified on a landscape plan shall not be counted toward calculating tree and maximum lawn area requirements. e. Trees shall be planted to provide shade to residential structures of a height of thirty-five (35) feet or less. At least two (2) required lot trees shall be positioned in the energy conservation zone as defined herein. All exterior air conditioning units, except for air conditioning units placed on the roof, shall be shaded by trees and/or shrubs as referenced in the Landscape Manual. f. Palms of a fourteen (14) foot minimum overall height and minimum caliper of three (3) inches at time of planting shall count as a required tree on the basis of two (2) palms-per tree, except as provided herein for palms used as of street trees. No more than thirty (30) percent of the minimum tree requirements shall be palms. g. Existing trees required by law to be preserved on site and that meet the requirements of Section 9.5.3, may be counted toward fulfilling the minimum tree requirements. h. Prohibited and controlled tree species shall not be counted toward fulfilling minimum tree requirements. Prohibited trees shall be removed from the site after obtaining approval of a tree removal permit. i. No less than thirty (30) percent of the required trees and/or palms shall be native species. j. No less than fifty (50) percent of the required trees shall be low maintenance and drought tolerant species. k. Eighty (80) percent of the trees shall be listed in the Miami-Dade Landscape Manual, the Miami-Dade Street Tree Master Plan and/or the University of Florida’s Low-Maintenance Landscape Plants for South Florida list. l. In order to prevent adverse environmental impacts to existing native plant communities, cabbage palms (Sabal palmetto) that are harvested from the wild shall not be used to satisfy minimum landscaping requirements. Only existing cabbage palms (Sabal

percent of the required trees and/or palms shall be native species. j. No less than fifty (50) percent of the required trees shall be low maintenance and drought tolerant species. k. Eighty (80) percent of the trees shall be listed in the Miami-Dade Landscape Manual, the Miami-Dade Street Tree Master Plan and/or the University of Florida’s Low-Maintenance Landscape Plants for South Florida list. l. In order to prevent adverse environmental impacts to existing native plant communities, cabbage palms (Sabal palmetto) that are harvested from the wild shall not be used to satisfy minimum landscaping requirements. Only existing cabbage palms (Sabal palmetto) which are rescued from government approved donor sites, transplanted within the site, or commercially grown from seed shall be counted towards the minimum tree and native plant requirements. TABLE A Zoning District Number of Trees Required Maximum Lawn Area Per Acre of Net Lot Area Per Lot Percent of Req. Open Space Sub-Urban Urban Core T6-R 22 20% T6-L 22 20% T6-O 22 20% District D1 22 20% D2 15 20% D3 15 20% Civic CI * *% CS N/A N/A 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 278/614 m. When trees are planted within the right-of-way, the owners of land adjacent to the areas where street trees are planted must maintain those areas including the trees, plants and sod, using pruning methods specified in this Code. A covenant executed by those owners is required, or a special taxing district must be created to maintain these areas. Where the State, County or municipality determines that the planting of trees and other landscape material is not appropriate in the public right-of-way, they may require that said trees and landscape material be placed on private property. n. Consideration shall be given to the selection of trees, plants and planting site to avoid serious problems such as clogged sewers, cracked sidewalks, and power service interruptions. 9.5.6 Shrubs a. All shrubs shall be a minimum of eighteen (18) inches in height when measured immediately after planting. Shrubs shall be provided at ratio of ten (10) per required tree. No less than Thirty (30) percent of the shrubs shall be native species and no less than fifty (50) percent shall be low maintenance and drought tolerant. Eighty (80) percent of the shrubs shall be listed in the Miami-Dade Landscape Manual, the Miami-Dade Street Tree Master Plan and/or the University of Florida’s Low-Maintenance Landscape Plants for South Florida list. b. When used as a visual screen, buffer, or hedge, shrubs shall be planted at a maximum average spacing of thirty (30) inches on center or if planted at a minimum height of thirty-six (36) inches, shall have a maximum average spacing of forty-eight (48) inches on center and shall be maintained so as to form a continuous, unbroken and solid visual screen within one (1) year after time of planting. Shrubs used as a buffer, visual screen, or hedge need not be of the same species. 9.5.7 Vines Vines shall be a minimum of twelve (12) inches

Florida list. b. When used as a visual screen, buffer, or hedge, shrubs shall be planted at a maximum average spacing of thirty (30) inches on center or if planted at a minimum height of thirty-six (36) inches, shall have a maximum average spacing of forty-eight (48) inches on center and shall be maintained so as to form a continuous, unbroken and solid visual screen within one (1) year after time of planting. Shrubs used as a buffer, visual screen, or hedge need not be of the same species. 9.5.7 Vines Vines shall be a minimum of twelve (12) inches in length immediately after planting and may be used in conjunction with fences, screens, or walls to meet physical barrier requirements as specified. Planting of perimeter walls with vines is recommended as a deterrent to painting of graffiti. 9.5.8 Ground cover Ground cover plants used in lieu of grass, in whole or in part, shall be planted in such a manner as to present a finished appearance and reasonably complete coverage within one (1) year after planting. 9.5.9 Mulch a. Mulches shall be applied and maintained in accordance with the most recent edition of the Florida Yards & Neighborhoods Handbook titled “A Guide to Florida Friendly Landscaping” by the University of Florida, Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences (UF/IFAS) and available online at http://www.floridayards.org/landscape/FYN-Handbook.pdf. b. Cypress mulch shall not be used because its harvest degrades cypress wetlands. 9.6 PLANT QUALITY 9.6.1 Plants Plants installed pursuant to this Code shall conform to, or exceed, the minimum standards for “Florida Number One” as provided in the most current edition of “Grades and Standards for Nursery Plants, Part I and II, “ prepared by the State of Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services. 9.6.2 Trees Trees installed pursuant to this Code shall have one (1) primary vertical trunk and secondary branches free of included bark up to a height of six (6) feet above natural grade. 9.7 BUFFERS BETWEEN DISSIMILAR LAND USES Where dissimilar land uses exist on adjacent properties, and where such areas will not be entirely visually screened by an intervening building or structure from abutting property, that portion shall be provided with a buffer consisting of a six (6) foot wall or fence with a life expectancy of at least ten (10) years, or shrubs which normally grow to a minimum height of six (6) feet. Where chain link fencing is used, shrubs shall also be required. Said buffer shall form a continuous screen between the dissimilar land uses within one (1) year after planting. Buffers screening dissimilar uses shall include trees planted at a maximum average spacing of thirty (30) feet on center within a minimum five (5) foot landscaped strip. 9.8 LANDSCAPED AREAS IN PARKING LOTS All required and/or provided surface off-street parking facilities and parking lots shall be landscaped in accordance with the following standards: a. The total area of all interior landscaped areas shall not be less than ten (10) square feet for each parking

fencing is used, shrubs shall also be required. Said buffer shall form a continuous screen between the dissimilar land uses within one (1) year after planting. Buffers screening dissimilar uses shall include trees planted at a maximum average spacing of thirty (30) feet on center within a minimum five (5) foot landscaped strip. 9.8 LANDSCAPED AREAS IN PARKING LOTS All required and/or provided surface off-street parking facilities and parking lots shall be landscaped in accordance with the following standards: a. The total area of all interior landscaped areas shall not be less than ten (10) square feet for each parking space provided on the site. b. In order to maximize the distribution of shade, trees shall be planted throughout the interior of the parking lot at a minimum density of one (1) tree per eighty (80) square feet of landscaped area, exclusive of parking lot buffers. c. A landscaped area with a tree shall be required at the end of all parking rows, particularly when abutting an aisle or building. Planting areas for each tree shall have a minimum area of fifty (50) square feet and a minimum width of five (5) feet, exclusive of the curb dimension, and shall be planted or covered with other landscape materials. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 279/614 d. For each row of parking there shall be landscaped areas with trees within the first ninety (90) linear feet, and one (1) landscaped area provided with a tree for each additional ninety (90) linear feet. When a minimum six (6) foot clear landscape area is provided between two rows of parking, the landscape areas with trees every ninety (90) linear feet is not required. This six (6) foot wide landscape area shall be planted with trees no greater than thirty (30) feet on- center. e. For each row of parallel parking there shall be a minimum of two (2) landscape areas with trees within the first seventy-five (75) linear feet, and one (1) landscape area with a tree for each additional seventy-five (75) linear feet. The landscape areas shall be equally spaced wherever possible. f. All required trees shall be of an approved shade tree variety which shall attain a minimum mature crown spread greater than fifteen (15) feet. g. All parking stalls, access aisles and driveways in a residential area shall be separated from any building by a minimum of thirty (30) inches and landscaped with shrubbery, ground-cover, or other suitable material. h. All parking lots adjacent to a right-of-way or private street shall be screened by a continuous planting and/or three (3) foot high wall with a seven (7) foot landscaped strip incorporating said planting and/or wall on private property. i. A landscape area that is a minimum of five (5) feet in width shall be provided when parking stalls, access aisles, or driveways are located along any side or rear lot line. The landscape areas shall be planted with a continuous hedge, and with trees no greater than thirty (30) feet on

landscaped with shrubbery, ground-cover, or other suitable material. h. All parking lots adjacent to a right-of-way or private street shall be screened by a continuous planting and/or three (3) foot high wall with a seven (7) foot landscaped strip incorporating said planting and/or wall on private property. i. A landscape area that is a minimum of five (5) feet in width shall be provided when parking stalls, access aisles, or driveways are located along any side or rear lot line. The landscape areas shall be planted with a continuous hedge, and with trees no greater than thirty (30) feet on center, when the landscaped area does not abut a parking row. In certain instances, a solid and continuous masonry wall, a minimum of five (5) feet in height, whose surfaces are stuccoed, painted, tiled, or textured in such a way as to provide a decorative effect if approved, may be used in lieu of the landscape area. j. These requirements are in addition to any applicable required open space as provided in this Code. 9.9 STORMWATER RETENTION/DETENTION AREAS a. Stormwater retention/detention areas shall be designed to maximize the perimeter dimension, where feasible. b. Stormwater retention/detention areas shall be planted throughout with native herbaceous facultative plants, with the following exceptions: 1. In areas that are designated and actively used for play and/or picnic areas, overflow parking, or sports shall be planted with grasses which are very drought tolerant, as referenced in the Landscape Manual, as well as tolerant to wet soils. 2. In areas where the minimum required stormwater retention capacity would be adversely affected. c. The minimum required number of native herbaceous facultative plants shall be one (1) plant per square foot of retention/ detention area, including the slope. Minimum required herbaceous plant container size shall be one and one-half (1 1/2) inches, commonly, referred to as a liner. Sprigging, seeding, plugging, hydro-mulching or sodding with native herbaceous facultative plants grown from local seed sources may be used in lieu of liners. Herbaceous plants shall be planted in such a manner as to present a finished appearance and reasonably complete coverage within one (1) year after planting. d. Native facultative trees or shrubs may be used in lieu of native herbaceous facultative plants, provided that the minimum required stormwater retention capacity is not adversely affected. 9.10 LANDSCAPE PLAN REVIEW CRITERIA All landscape plans shall be reviewed by the Office of Zoning. Where existing trees lie within Natural Forest Communities, Environmental Preservation Districts, and/or Scenic Transportation Corridors, landscape plans shall be reviewed and approved by the Historic Preservation Division of the Planning Department as prescribed in Chapter 17 of the City Code. Landscape plans shall be reviewed in accordance with Section 9.1 and the guidelines and illustrations provided in the Landscape Manual as well as the Guide to Florida Friendly Landscaping provided by the Florida Yards and Neighborhoods Program. 9.11 PREPARER’S CERTIFICATION OF LANDSCAPE COMPLIANCE AT TIME OF FINAL INSPECTION a. A notarized Preparer’s Certification of Landscape Compliance form bearing the

Zoning. Where existing trees lie within Natural Forest Communities, Environmental Preservation Districts, and/or Scenic Transportation Corridors, landscape plans shall be reviewed and approved by the Historic Preservation Division of the Planning Department as prescribed in Chapter 17 of the City Code. Landscape plans shall be reviewed in accordance with Section 9.1 and the guidelines and illustrations provided in the Landscape Manual as well as the Guide to Florida Friendly Landscaping provided by the Florida Yards and Neighborhoods Program. 9.11 PREPARER’S CERTIFICATION OF LANDSCAPE COMPLIANCE AT TIME OF FINAL INSPECTION a. A notarized Preparer’s Certification of Landscape Compliance form bearing the original letterhead of the designing firm and licensing number shall be submitted to and approved by the Office of Zoning prior to issuance of any Certificate of Use or Certificate of Occupancy. The notarized Preparer’s Certification of Landscape Compliance form shall contain a statement, signed and sealed by the landscape architect or by person(s) authorized to prepare plans by Chapter 481, Florida Statutes, who prepared the approved plans, that the landscape and irrigation plans have been implemented and that all requirements of this article have been met. Any changes or substitutions to the approved plan shall be approved by the original designing firm prior to the implementation of said changes and substitutions. All changes or substitutions to the approved plan shall be noted on all copies. Changes and substitutions of plant material shall be of similar quality, quantity and size, as originally approved and shall be in compliance with the intent and requirements of this code. b. For a new single family or duplex residence on its own lot or applicable existing development, the owner or owner’s agent may certify in writing that landscape and irrigation have been installed according to approved plan(s). c. The Planning Department and the Office of Zoning shall have the right to inspect all projects for compliance prior to issuance of a Certificate of Use or Certificate of Occupancy. 9.12 LANDSCAPE ADJUSTMENT Unless otherwise required by this Code, as amended, the Code of the City of Miami, as amended, or the Florida Building Code, as amended; Landscape Ordinance requirements may be modified through the Waiver process, with mandatory referral to the Planning Director. a. Criteria to be considered in granting Waivers of Landscape Ordinance Requirements In addition to the considerations listed in Article 4, Table 12 and elsewhere in this Code, the following shall also apply to the review of Waiver permits pursuant to this Section: 1. Waivers of Landscape Ordinance requirements may be granted when, to do so promotes the intent of the particular Transect Zone where the proposal is located; and help mitigate any potential adverse effect of a specific proposal whose implementation is found to be in compliance with the intent and 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 280/614 findings of a commission approved Planning study or conceptual plan for the subject area. 2. Waivers of Landscape Ordinance requirements may be granted when, the observance of applicable guides and standards for which the

apply to the review of Waiver permits pursuant to this Section: 1. Waivers of Landscape Ordinance requirements may be granted when, to do so promotes the intent of the particular Transect Zone where the proposal is located; and help mitigate any potential adverse effect of a specific proposal whose implementation is found to be in compliance with the intent and 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 280/614 findings of a commission approved Planning study or conceptual plan for the subject area. 2. Waivers of Landscape Ordinance requirements may be granted when, the observance of applicable guides and standards for which the Waiver is being requested would put the proposed project into a variance situation which is against the public interest. b. Specific findings required Specific findings shall be made by the Planning Department which establish how the above criteria are met. Additionally, any conditions, restrictions and limitations deemed appropriate by the Planning Director shall be implemented in order to ensure compliance with the considerations set forth above, as well as in Article 4, Table 12 of this Code. 9.13 LANDSCAPE MAINTENANCE a. An owner is responsible to ensure that landscaping required to be planted pursuant to this chapter is installed in compliance with the Landscape requirements; maintained as to present a healthy, vigorous, and neat appearance free from refuse and debris; and sufficiently fertilized and watered to maintain the plant material in a healthy condition. b. If any tree or plant dies which is being used to satisfy current landscape code requirements, such tree or plant shall be replaced with the same landscape material or an approved substitute. c. Trees shall be pruned in the following manner: 1. All cuts shall be clean, flush and at junctions, laterals or crotches. All cuts shall be made as close as possible to the trunk or parent limb, without cutting into the branch collar or leaving a protruding stub. 2. Removal of dead wood, crossing branches, weak or insignificant branches, and sucker shall be accomplished simultaneously without any reduction in crown. 3. Cutting of lateral branches that results in the removal of more than one-third (1/3) of all branches on one (1) side of a tree shall only be allowed if required for hazard reduction or clearance pruning. 4. Lifting of branches or tree thinning shall be designed to distribute over half of the tree mass in the lower two-thirds (2/3) of the tree. 5. No more than one-third (1/3) of a tree’s living canopy shall be removed within a one (1) year period. 6. Trees shall be pruned according to the current ANSI A300 Standards and the Landscape Manual. 9.14 PROHIBITIONS a. Prohibited plant species. Prohibited species shall not be planted and shall be removed from any site which is subject to the requirements of this article. b. Controlled plant species. Controlled species shall not be planted within five hundred (500) feet of a Natural Forest Community or native habitats as defined herein. c. West Indian Mahogany. West Indian Mahogany, Swietenia mahagoni, shall

5. No more than one-third (1/3) of a tree’s living canopy shall be removed within a one (1) year period. 6. Trees shall be pruned according to the current ANSI A300 Standards and the Landscape Manual. 9.14 PROHIBITIONS a. Prohibited plant species. Prohibited species shall not be planted and shall be removed from any site which is subject to the requirements of this article. b. Controlled plant species. Controlled species shall not be planted within five hundred (500) feet of a Natural Forest Community or native habitats as defined herein. c. West Indian Mahogany. West Indian Mahogany, Swietenia mahagoni, shall not be planted within five hundred (500) feet of a rockland hammock or pine rockland. d. Tree abuse. Tree abuse is prohibited. Abused trees shall not be counted toward fulfilling the minimum tree requirements. 9.15 ENFORCEMENT a. The Code Enforcement Department shall withhold approval of a final building inspection prior to the issuance of a Certificate of Use or Certificate of Occupancy until a notarized Preparer’s Certification of Landscape Compliance form has been submitted and approved. b. The Code Enforcement Department shall have the right to inspect the lands affected by this Code and is authorized to issue cease and desist orders and citations to the current owner and the Contractor, if applicable, for violations. c. Failure to install or maintain landscaping according to the terms of this article shall constitute a violation of this Code. Also, failure to plant, preserve, or maintain each individual tree shall be considered to be a separate violation of this Code. Each day in which either landscaping or individual trees are not installed or maintained according to the terms of this article shall constitute a continuing and separate violation of this Code. Further, failure by the current owner or the Contractor to provide the required landscaping and watering of such landscaping within ninety (90) days after the South Florida Water Management District ends the emergency Phase II and Phase III water restrictions shall constitute a violation of this Code.

ARTICLE 10 . SIGN REGULATIONS Amendments to Article 10 Amendments to Article 10 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13464 05-22-2014 Updated Sign regulations 12-00941zt1 14251 01-11-2024 Provides for a special sign package for buildings that solely serve the needs of neighborhood children 15125 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 281/614 10.1 GENERAL 10.1.1 PURPOSE The purpose of this section is to provide a comprehensive system of regulations for Signs visible from the public right-of-way and to provide a set of standards designed to optimize communication and design quality of Signs. Through these regulations, the City of Miami will uphold the United States Constitution and State of Florida Constitution, conserve and protect scenic beauty, regulate signage for the purpose of visual clutter, and preserve the aesthetic character of the City. In addition, special permits which may have been approved under previous Ordinance 11000 or under previous sections of this ordinance may also contain conditions that regulate Signs on certain properties. No Signs or advertising devices of any kind or nature shall be erected or maintained on any premises or affixed to the inside or outside of any Structure to be visible from the public right-of-way except as specifically provided for by these regulations. 10.1.1.1 INTENT: a. Promote the effectiveness of Signs by preventing their improper placement, deterioration and excessive size and number. b. Regulate and control Signs and Sign Structures in order to prevent property damage and personal injury resulting from improper construction or poor maintenance. c. Promote the free and safe flow of traffic and protect pedestrians and motorists from injury and property damage attributable to cluttered, distracting, or illegal signage. d. Control and reduce visual clutter and visual blight. e. Prevent any deleterious effects arising from the unrestricted use of Signs by providing a reasonable, flexible, efficient, comprehensive and enforceable set of regulations that will foster a high quality, aesthetic, visual environment for the City, enhancing it as a place to live, visit and do business. f. Assure that public benefits derived from expenditures of public funds for the improvement and beautification of streets and other public Structures and Open Spaces shall be protected by exercising reasonable control over the character and design of Sign Structures. g. Address the business community’s need for adequate business identification and advertising communication by improving the readability, and therefore, the effectiveness of Signs by preventing their improper placement, over-concentration, excessive Height, area, and bulk. h. Coordinate the placement and physical dimensions of Signs within the different Transects. i. Protect property values, the local economy, and the quality of life by preserving and enhancing the appearance of the Streetscapes that affect the image of the City. j. Acknowledge the differing design concerns and needs for Signs in certain specialized areas such as tourist areas. k. Require that Signs be properly maintained for safety and visual appearance. l. Protect non-Commercial speech such that any Sign allowed herein may contain any lawful non-Commercial message, so long as said Sign complies with the size, Height, Area location

bulk. h. Coordinate the placement and physical dimensions of Signs within the different Transects. i. Protect property values, the local economy, and the quality of life by preserving and enhancing the appearance of the Streetscapes that affect the image of the City. j. Acknowledge the differing design concerns and needs for Signs in certain specialized areas such as tourist areas. k. Require that Signs be properly maintained for safety and visual appearance. l. Protect non-Commercial speech such that any Sign allowed herein may contain any lawful non-Commercial message, so long as said Sign complies with the size, Height, Area location and other requirements of these regulations. m. Provide no more restrictions on speech than necessary to implement the purpose and intent of this section. These regulations are specifically intended to be severable such that if any section, subsection, sentence, clause or phrase of these regulations is for any reason held to be invalid or unconstitutional by the decision of any court of competent jurisdiction, the decision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these regulations. 10.1.2 CRITERIA FOR GRANTING SIGN PERMIT 10.1.2.1 Permits required for Signs except those exempted Except for classes of Signs exempted from permit requirements as specified in Section 10.1.3, all Signs shall require permits. Applications for such permits shall be made separately or in combination with applications for other permits as appropriate to the circumstances of the case and shall provide at a minimum the information as specified in Section 7.1.2.9. 10.1.3 SIGNS EXEMPTED FROM PERMIT REQUIREMENTS The following types of Signs, and Changeable Copy Signs, are exempted from permit requirements because such Signs are needed in order to convey messages to protect lives, give direction, identify public access ways, and protect civil rights. Such Signs shall comply with size and location requirements as set forth in these regulations for the specific Transect Zone in which they are to be located. a. Address, Notice, Directional or Warning Signs. No Sign permit shall be required for Address, Notice, Directional or Warning Signs except as otherwise required in this section. Any Sign that exceeds the area below is subject to Building Identification criteria within Section 10.2, Table 15. 1. Address Signs, not to exceed one (1) for each Dwelling Unit or other Use for each Lot Line adjacent to a street. Each address sign shall be limited to two (2) square feet in Area. 2. Notice, Directional or Warning Signs, not to exceed one (1) for each Dwelling Unit or other Use for each Lot Line adjacent to a street. Each Notice, Directional and Warning Sign shall be limited to two (2) square feet in Area. b. Cornerstones, memorials, or tablets. Due to their historic or civic significance to the community, no Sign permit is required for cornerstones, memorials, or tablets when part of any masonry surface or constructed of bronze or other incombustible and durable material. Signs shall be limited to identification and date of construction of Buildings, persons present at dedication or involved

Notice, Directional or Warning Signs, not to exceed one (1) for each Dwelling Unit or other Use for each Lot Line adjacent to a street. Each Notice, Directional and Warning Sign shall be limited to two (2) square feet in Area. b. Cornerstones, memorials, or tablets. Due to their historic or civic significance to the community, no Sign permit is required for cornerstones, memorials, or tablets when part of any masonry surface or constructed of bronze or other incombustible and durable material. Signs shall be limited to identification and date of construction of Buildings, persons present at dedication or involved in Development or construction, or significant historical events relating to the premises or development. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 282/614 c. U. S. Mail delivery receptacles. No Sign permit shall be required for delivery receptacles for U.S. mail which have been approved for use by postal authorities. d. Flags. Limited to one (1) per property and shall not exceed twenty-five (25) square feet. National flags, state flags and flags of political subdivisions within the State of Florida shall not be subject to these regulations; however, in no case shall more than three (3) flags be flown per property. The flags permitted by this subsection shall not be used in mass to circumvent this subsection by using said flags primarily as an advertising device. e. Celebratory Flags and Banners. A Sign permit shall not be required for celebratory flags and Banners located within Regional Activity Complexes related to community wide celebrations or commemorations. Such Signs shall not include any form of commercial advertising, shall not be located within any public right-of-way, and shall be removed within thirty (30) days of such event. f. Vehicle Signs. No Sign permit shall be required for display of Signs on automobiles, trucks, buses, trailers, or other vehicles when used for purposes of transportation. g. Changeable Copy Sign. No Sign permit shall be required for routine Change of Copy on a Changeable Copy Sign, the customary use of which involves frequent and periodic changes, provided such change of copy does not result in increase of total Sign Area beyond permissible limits and meets all other requirements of this Code and the City Code. Signs with the capability of content change by means of manual or remote input include the following types: 1. Manually Activated - Changeable sign whose message copy or content can be changed manually on a Display Surface. 2. Electronically Activated - Changeable sign whose message, copy or content can be remotely programmed electronically. 10.1.4 GENERAL REQUIREMENTS The following general requirements and limitations shall apply with regard to Signs, in addition to provisions appearing elsewhere in this Code. No Variance or Waiver from these provisions are permitted unless otherwise stated within Article 10: a. Any Sign allowed herein may contain, in lieu of any other message or copy, any lawful non-commercial message, so long as said Sign complies with the size, Height, Area, location and other requirements of this Code and the City Code.

on a Display Surface. 2. Electronically Activated - Changeable sign whose message, copy or content can be remotely programmed electronically. 10.1.4 GENERAL REQUIREMENTS The following general requirements and limitations shall apply with regard to Signs, in addition to provisions appearing elsewhere in this Code. No Variance or Waiver from these provisions are permitted unless otherwise stated within Article 10: a. Any Sign allowed herein may contain, in lieu of any other message or copy, any lawful non-commercial message, so long as said Sign complies with the size, Height, Area, location and other requirements of this Code and the City Code. b. False and misleading Signs shall be unlawful to post. c. Illuminated Sign Requirements: 1. Illuminated Signs containing functions of Animated Signs are prohibited. Illuminated Signs within a T1, T3, T4, T5-R, T6-R or CS Transect Zone shall be reviewed by process of Warrant as per Table 15. Illuminated Signs in all other Transect Zones shall be allowed by Right subject to the regulations specified within Table 15. 2. Signs may be Internally Illuminated or Indirectly Illuminated from any external source. Illuminated Sign fixtures or luminaries shall not shine directly on adjacent properties, motorists or pedestrians. Illumination will provide visibility to the Sign and eliminate glare and intensity which might pose safety hazards to drivers and pedestrians. 3. Signs that are Internally Illuminated may not exceed a maximum brightness level of 0.3 foot candles above ambient light as measured at a preset distance depending on Sign size. Measuring distance shall be calculated by taking the square root of the product of the Sign Area multiplied by one-hundred (Example using a 12 square foot Illuminated Sign: √[12x100] = 34.6 feet measuring distance). All applicants shall provide a written certification from the Sign manufacturer that the light intensity has been factory preset not to exceed the levels specified. 4. No Illuminated Sign shall be permitted within one hundred (100) feet from any portion of a T1, T3, T4-R, T5-R or T6-R property, as measured along the street Frontage on the same side of the street, or as measured in a straight line to a property across the street, unless Signs are specifically authorized by Warrant as per Table 15. d. Structural members of all Signs, including supports, electrical conduit and receptacle boxes, or any other operational devices shall be covered, painted, or designed in such a manner as to be visually unnoticeable. e. Devices used to attract attention such as blinking or flashing lights, streamer lights, pennants, banners, balloons, streamers, and all fluttering and spinning devices shall be prohibited. f. Portable Signs shall be prohibited, including those that are tied down with metal straps, chaining, or otherwise temporarily anchored to an existing Structure or other similar method of anchoring. g. Roof Signs shall be prohibited in all Transects. No Sign shall extend above the roof line or parapet wall. h. Any Sign issued a Certificate of Appropriateness that meets the criteria of Section 23-6.4 of the City Code may be exempted from

e. Devices used to attract attention such as blinking or flashing lights, streamer lights, pennants, banners, balloons, streamers, and all fluttering and spinning devices shall be prohibited. f. Portable Signs shall be prohibited, including those that are tied down with metal straps, chaining, or otherwise temporarily anchored to an existing Structure or other similar method of anchoring. g. Roof Signs shall be prohibited in all Transects. No Sign shall extend above the roof line or parapet wall. h. Any Sign issued a Certificate of Appropriateness that meets the criteria of Section 23-6.4 of the City Code may be exempted from these Sign limitations through a Warrant process.. i. All Class A and Class C Signs shall comply with the requirements of Chapter 62 of the City Code. j. All Signs shall comply with the vision clearance standards within this Code. k. Master Sign packages or vertical shopping center Signs approved under zoning ordinance 11000 or Special Area Plan Sign packages adopted under the provisions of Article 3, Section 3.9.1 of this Code shall be governed by approved conditions and may be modified through the provisions of Section 10.3.7 of this Article. 10.1.5 REMOVAL, REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF SIGNS a. All nonconforming Signs shall be subject to the provisions within Article 7, Section 7.2 b. Repair or Maintenance of Signs; Decrepit or dilapidated Signs. 1. All Signs shall be properly maintained in a safe and legible condition at all times. Signs that are not properly maintained (whether or not determined to be unsafe as provided by the Florida Building Code) shall be removed, repaired, or replaced. No Zoning permit shall be required for such maintenance, 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 283/614 however a permit may be required by other departments or agencies. 2. No Zoning Sign permit shall be required for routine maintenance on a Sign, providing such maintenance does not result in alteration of the Sign as originally permitted. Any Sign allowed herein may contain, in-lieu of any other message or copy, any lawful non-Commercial message, so long as said Sign complies with the size, height, location and other requirements of this Code. c. Removal, repair or replacement of any Sign with regard to any official order as indicated below. 1. Signs otherwise lawfully permitted, except for the condition or circumstance leading to an order issued by any official City or County Board with applicable jurisdiction in accordance with the applicable provisions of the City Code, the Florida Building Code or this Code, shall require repair or replacement within a stated time, not to exceed ninety (90) days from the date of the order, or removal prior to the expiration of such period. No Zoning permit shall be required for such repair or replacment, however a permit may be required by other departments or agencies. 2. In the event that an official order is issued for a having a Sign for a discontinued use for a period of thirty (30) days or longer, all signs identifying the use are to

applicable provisions of the City Code, the Florida Building Code or this Code, shall require repair or replacement within a stated time, not to exceed ninety (90) days from the date of the order, or removal prior to the expiration of such period. No Zoning permit shall be required for such repair or replacment, however a permit may be required by other departments or agencies. 2. In the event that an official order is issued for a having a Sign for a discontinued use for a period of thirty (30) days or longer, all signs identifying the use are to be removed from the site or in the case of a painted Sign, painted out. Sign removal shall be the responsibility of the owner of the property. 3. The building official or Code compliance officer may issue a written notice to the responsible party of any Sign found to be unsafe. The written notice shall specify either the repair or removal of the Sign within the time specified in the notice by the responsible party. The building official or code compliance officer shall serve this notice on the responsible party in accordance with the Florida Building Code and City Code and the responsible party may seek review of such decisions as provided in the Florida Building Code and City Code. d. Change or Replacement of a Sign not due to any official order for removal. 1. Replacement of any Sign that is not a Changeable Copy Sign shall conform to Section 10.2 Table 15 of this Code. 2. Class B Signs previously associated with the premises on which erected, but no longer there or otherwise bearing other obsolete matter, shall be removed within thirty (30) days from the time such activity ceases. 3. A twenty percent (20%) increase in Sign Area may be allowed, by Waiver, for all Freestanding Signs replaced with a Monument Sign. Such Monument Sign shall conform with Table 15 and shall not be cumulative with any other increase in Sign Area. 10.2 SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS Table 15 Function: The following tables illustrate Sign design standards for specific Sign types allowed within Restricted(R), Limited(L) and Open(O) categories of specified Transect Zones. Calculated Aggregate Area maximum shall not be exceeded for any establishment or Sign type. Sign Area calculation shall be determined by the establishment length fronting a street multiplied by the Aggregate Area Ratio specific to each Transect. In review and approval of Signs, the City shall ensure compliance with all applicable sections of the Florida Building Code and ensure that the Signs comply with this Code including: 1. Size and area 2. Location standards 3. Sign placement 4. Illumination Sign regulations BUILDING SIGN TYPES Disclaimer: The following image serves to illustrate the types of building signs and not the placement, design or size of signs for any particular site. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 284/614 10.2.1 SIGN MEASUREMENT CALCULATIONS Sign Placement SIGN HEIGHT PLACEMENT a. All Signs, excluding Monument Signs placed between Average Sidewalk Elevation and

Transect. In review and approval of Signs, the City shall ensure compliance with all applicable sections of the Florida Building Code and ensure that the Signs comply with this Code including: 1. Size and area 2. Location standards 3. Sign placement 4. Illumination Sign regulations BUILDING SIGN TYPES Disclaimer: The following image serves to illustrate the types of building signs and not the placement, design or size of signs for any particular site. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 284/614 10.2.1 SIGN MEASUREMENT CALCULATIONS Sign Placement SIGN HEIGHT PLACEMENT a. All Signs, excluding Monument Signs placed between Average Sidewalk Elevation and fifty (50) feet height above sidewalk shall be subject to Table 15 Sign Design Standards. b. Signs above fifty (50) feet shall comply with Section 10.3.6 of this Code. c. All Monument Signs shall be placed along the Principal Frontage within the Base Building Line of the establishment site. No establishment shall bear more than two (2) Monument Signs on a single Frontage. Signs that are located in the First Layer shall not disrupt pedestrian activity and shall respect a clearance of ten (10) feet from back-of-curb. Additional Vision Clearance regulations shall be applied as per Section 3.8.4. d. Signs shall not exceed a tenant’s occupied establishment. e. Monument Signs shall not be located within the public right-of-way unless permitted by Public Works. SIGN SETBACK PLACEMENT Sign Area SIGN AREA 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 285/614 TABLE 15 SPECIFIC SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS TABLE 15 SPECIFIC SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS (T3) a. Aggregate Area Calculation Walls fronting a street between Average Sidewalk Elevation and fifty (50) feet height above sidewalk: Aggregate Area = (total linear frontage) x (aggregate area ratio).See Table 15 for specific signage calculation details. b. Sign Area: See Article 1, Section 1.3 Definitions of Signs c. Monument Sign Area Monument Signs which may include up to two (2) Display Surfaces. The area of the Sign shall be the area of the largest Display Surface that is visible from any single direction. Total Sign Area shall not exceed forty (40) square feet for T3 and T4 Transect Zones and one hundred (100) square feet for T5, T6, D and C Transect Zones excluding embellishments. d. Monument Base The base of the Sign Structure shall not be calculated into the Display Surface calculation. Sign base width shall not vary by more than 20% of the total Sign Display Surface width. MONUMENT SIGN AREA SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS WALL WINDOW PROJECTING HANGING AWNING MONUMENT DIRECTIONAL T3 R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O BUILDING IDENTIFICATION Aggregate Area Ratio 0.25 sq.ft. per linear Frontage See Wall Sign Aggregate Area See Wall Sign Aggregate Area See Wall Sign Aggregate Area See Wall Sign Aggregate Area Aggregate Area 24 sq.ft. max per Frontage 20% of total glass area 18 sq.ft. max 3 sq.ft. max per frontage Limited to skirt or bottom edge of Awning 15 sq.ft. max per Display Surface 5 sq.ft.

SIGN AREA SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS WALL WINDOW PROJECTING HANGING AWNING MONUMENT DIRECTIONAL T3 R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O BUILDING IDENTIFICATION Aggregate Area Ratio 0.25 sq.ft. per linear Frontage See Wall Sign Aggregate Area See Wall Sign Aggregate Area See Wall Sign Aggregate Area See Wall Sign Aggregate Area Aggregate Area 24 sq.ft. max per Frontage 20% of total glass area 18 sq.ft. max 3 sq.ft. max per frontage Limited to skirt or bottom edge of Awning 15 sq.ft. max per Display Surface 5 sq.ft. max per Display Surface Width 50% of linear Frontage 12 in. max. 60% of valance area 6 ft. max Height (Measured from Average Sidewalk Elevation) See Section 10.2.1 of Article 10 See Section 10.2.1 of Article 10 8 ft. min (bottom of sign) 8 ft. min (bottom of sign) Letters, emblems, logos or symbols on valance 6 in. max 6 ft. max 8 ft. max Depth/Projection 12 in. max 3 ft. max 18 in. max 12 in. max Aggregate Area Per Sign Type Included in total Aggregate Area; shall not exceed 50% of Aggregate Area Included in total Aggregate Area; shall not exceed Aggregate Area Included in total Aggregate Area; shall not exceed 50% of Aggregate Area Included in total Aggregate Area; shall not exceed 50% of Aggregate Area Included in total Aggregate Area; shall not exceed 50% of Aggregate Area Principal Frontage Quantity 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per window 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per window or door opening located on the Principal Frontage 1 sign per 100 ft. of Frontage (no more than 2 Display Surfaces) 1 sign per entrance, exit or parking area Secondary Frontage Quantity 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per window 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage N/A 1 sign per entrance, exit or parking area BUSINESS IDENTIFICATION Aggregate Area Ratio N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Aggregate Area Width Height Depth/Projection Aggregate Area Per Sign Type Principal Frontage Quantity Secondary Frontage Quantity ILLUMINATION PERMIT By Warrant N/A By Warrant By Warrant By Warrant By Warrant By Warrant 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 286/614 TABLE 15 SPECIFIC SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS (T4) SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS WALL WINDOW PROJECTING HANGING AWNING MONUMENT DIRECTIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL STANDARDS Refer to Section 10.2 Table 15 Function for calculated Aggregated Area description. Limited to the identification of subdivisions, developments, neighborhoods, Religious Facilities, Elementary, Middle or High Schools. All Sign proposals shall only be permitted by Warrant. Limited to the identification of subdivisions, developments, neighborhoods, Religious Facilities, Elementary, Middle or High Schools. Signage to be displayed on street level windows only All Sign proposals may only be permitted by Warrant Limited to the identification of subdivisions, developments, neighborhoods, Religious Facilities, Elementary, Middle or High Schools. Projection angle shall be parallel or perpendicular to wall.

PROJECTING HANGING AWNING MONUMENT DIRECTIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL STANDARDS Refer to Section 10.2 Table 15 Function for calculated Aggregated Area description. Limited to the identification of subdivisions, developments, neighborhoods, Religious Facilities, Elementary, Middle or High Schools. All Sign proposals shall only be permitted by Warrant. Limited to the identification of subdivisions, developments, neighborhoods, Religious Facilities, Elementary, Middle or High Schools. Signage to be displayed on street level windows only All Sign proposals may only be permitted by Warrant Limited to the identification of subdivisions, developments, neighborhoods, Religious Facilities, Elementary, Middle or High Schools. Projection angle shall be parallel or perpendicular to wall. All Sign proposals may only be permitted by Warrant Limited to the identification of subdivisions, developments, neighborhoods, Religious Facilities, Elementary, Middle or High Schools. All Sign proposals may only be permitted by Warrant Limited to the identification of subdivisions, developments, neighborhoods, Religious Facilities, Elementary, Middle or High Schools All Sign proposals may only be permitted by Warrant Limited to the identification of subdivisions, developments, neighborhoods, Religious Facilities, Elementary, Middle or High Schools. All Sign proposals may only be permitted by Warrant. An increase up to forty (40) square feet for such a Sign shall be permitted if the Sign is located on a right-of-way greater than fifty (50) feet and the facility has a setback in excess of thirty (30) feet. Limited to the identification of subdivisions, developments, neighborhoods, Religious Facilities, Elementary, Middle or High Schools. All Sign proposals may only be permitted by Warrant. Limited to Wall, Hanging, or Monument Signs. SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS WALL WINDOW PROJECTING HANGING AWNING MONUMENT MENU BOARD DIRECTIONAL T4 R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O BUILDING IDENTIFICATION Aggregate Area Ratio 0.25 sq.ft. per linear Frontage 0.5 sq.ft. per linear Frontage 0.25 sq.ft. per linear Frontage 0.25 sq.ft. per linear Frontage N/A Aggregate Area (total linear building Frontage) x (aggregate area ratio); 150 sq.ft. max per Frontage (24 sq.ft. max for T4-R) 15 sq. ft. max per Display Surface 5 sq. ft. max per Display Surface Width 50% of linear Frontage 60% of valance area 6 ft. max Height (Measured from Average Sidewalk Elevation) 8 ft. min (bottom of sign) 8 ft. min (bottom of sign) Letters, emblems, logos or symbols on valance 6 in. max 6 ft. max 5 ft. max Depth/Projection 12 in. max 3 ft. max 18 in. max 12 in. max Aggregate Area Per Sign Type Shall not exceed 50% of Aggregate Area; Included in total Aggregate Are 1 sq.ft. max 20% of total glass area; Included in total Aggregate Area 15 sq.ft. max; Included in total Aggregate Area 3 sq.ft. max; Included in total Aggregate Area Limited to skirt or bottom edge of Awning; Included in total Aggregate Area Principal Frontage Quantity 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 per unit 1 Sign per window 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 sign

ft. max 18 in. max 12 in. max Aggregate Area Per Sign Type Shall not exceed 50% of Aggregate Area; Included in total Aggregate Are 1 sq.ft. max 20% of total glass area; Included in total Aggregate Area 15 sq.ft. max; Included in total Aggregate Area 3 sq.ft. max; Included in total Aggregate Area Limited to skirt or bottom edge of Awning; Included in total Aggregate Area Principal Frontage Quantity 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 per unit 1 Sign per window 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per window or door opening located on the Principal Frontage 1 sign per 100 ft. of Frontage (no more than 2 Display Surfaces) 1 sign per entrance, exit or parking area Secondary Frontage Quantity 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage 1 Sign per window 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per entrance, exit or parking area BUILDING WITH MORE THAN ONE ESTABLISHMENT OPENING TO THE OUTDOORS Aggregate Area Ratio N/A 0.25 sq.ft. per linear ft. N/A See Wall Sign Aggregate Area N/A See Wall Sign Aggregate Area N/A See Wall Sign Aggregate Area N/A See Wall Sign Aggregate Area N/A N/A N/A Aggregate Area (Building Identification) max 10 sq.ft. per Frontage 15 sq. ft. max per Display Surface 24 sq.ft. Display Surface Aggregate Area (Business Identification) (linear feet of Frontage) x (aggregate area ratio) See wall sign 5 sq.ft. max per Display Surface Width 50% of linear Frontage (per establishment) 8 ft min (bottom of Sign) 60% valance area 6 ft. max Height (Measured from Average Sidewalk Elevation) 8 ft min (bottom of Sign) Letters, emblems, logos or symbols on valance max 6 in 6 ft. max 7 ft. max Depth/Projection 12 in. max 3 ft. max 12 in. max 24 in. max Aggregate Area Per Sign Type Shall not exceed 50% of Aggregate Area; Included in total Aggregate Area 20% of total glass area; Included in total Aggregate Area 15 sq.ft. max; Included in total Aggregate Area 3 sq.ft. max per Frontage; Included in total Aggregate Area Limited to skirt or bottom edge of Awning; Include in total Aggregate Area Principal Frontage Quantity 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per window 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 sign per 100 ft. of frontage (no more than 2 Display Surfaces) 1 sign per 100 ft. of frontage (no more than 1 Display Surface) Secondary Frontage Quantity 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per window 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per 150 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors

accessing the outdoors 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 sign per 100 ft. of frontage (no more than 2 Display Surfaces) 1 sign per 100 ft. of frontage (no more than 1 Display Surface) Secondary Frontage Quantity 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per window 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per 150 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors ILLUMINATION PERMIT By Warrant N/A By Warrant By Warrant By Warrant By Warrant By Warrant ADDRESS SIGN max 2 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign max 2 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign N/A N/A max 2 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign max 2 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign max 2 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign SUPPLEMENTAL STANDARDS Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative Limited to establishment name, logo, menu selection/ pricing Limited to Wall, Hanging, or Monument Signs. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 287/614 TABLE 15 SPECIFIC SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS (T5/T6) SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS WALL WINDOW PROJECTING HANGING AWNING MONUMENT MENU BOARD DIRECTIONAL of operation and Class B Signs. All T4-R Sign proposals may only be permitted by Warrant. Any painted Wall Signs shall be permitted by Warrant. operation and Class B Signs. Signage to be displayed on street level windows only All T4-R Sign proposals may only be permitted by Warrant. of operation and Class B Signs. Projection angle shall be parallel or perpendicular to wall. All T4-R Sign proposals may only be permitted by Warrant. of operation and Class B Signs. All T4-R Sign proposals may only be permitted by Warrant. bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. All T4-R Sign proposals may only be permitted by Warrant. graphic bands, hours of operation. An increase up to forty (40) square feet for such a Sign shall be permitted if the Sign is located on a right-of-way greater than fifty (50) feet and the facility has a setback in excess of thirty (30) feet. All T4-R Sign proposals may only be permitted by Warrant. for food service, hours of operation. Shall be located within the Third Layer between the building and the drive-through lane and shall not be noticeably visible from the public right-of-way. All T4-R Sign proposals may only be permitted by Warrant. SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS WALL WINDOW PROJECTING HANGING AWNING MONUMENT MENU BOARD DIRECTIONAL T5-T6 R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O SINGLE ESTABLISHMENT WITHIN A BUILDING Aggregate Area Ratio 0.5 sq.ft. per linear Frontage 1.5 sq.ft. per linear Frontage N/A

be permitted by Warrant. for food service, hours of operation. Shall be located within the Third Layer between the building and the drive-through lane and shall not be noticeably visible from the public right-of-way. All T4-R Sign proposals may only be permitted by Warrant. SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS WALL WINDOW PROJECTING HANGING AWNING MONUMENT MENU BOARD DIRECTIONAL T5-T6 R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O R L O SINGLE ESTABLISHMENT WITHIN A BUILDING Aggregate Area Ratio 0.5 sq.ft. per linear Frontage 1.5 sq.ft. per linear Frontage N/A Aggregate Area (total linear building Frontage) x (aggregate area ratio); 300 sq.ft. max per Frontage (40 sq.ft. max for T5-R and T6-R) 40 sq. ft. max per Display Surface 10 sq. ft. max per Display Surface Width 70% of linear Frontage 60% of valance area 8 ft. max Height (Measured from Average Sidewalk Elevation) 8 ft. min (bottom of sign) 8 ft. min (bottom of sign) Letters, emblems, logos or symbols on valance 8 in. max 8 ft. max 8 ft. max Depth/Projection 12 in. max 4 ft. max 24 in. max 10 in. max Aggregate Area Per Sign Type Shall not exceed 60% of Aggregate Area; Included in total Aggregate Are 1 sq.ft. max 20% of total glass area; Included in total Aggregate Area 25 sq.ft. max; Included in total Aggregate Area 6 sq.ft. max per frontage; Included in total Aggregate Area Limited to skirt or bottom edge of Awning; Included in total Aggregate Area Principal Frontage Quantity 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage (no more than 3 signs total) 1 per unit 1 Sign per window 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per window or door opening located on the Principal Frontage 1 sign per 100 ft. of Frontage (no more than 2 Display Surfaces) 1 sign per entrance, exit or parking area Secondary Frontage Quantity 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage (shall not exceed 50 sq.ft. area) 1 Sign per window 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per entrance, exit or parking area BUILDING WITH MORE THAN ONE ESTABLISHMENT OPENING TO THE OUTDOORS Aggregate Area Ratio N/A 1.0 sq.ft. per linear ft. N/A See Wall Sign Aggregate Area N/A See Wall Sign Aggregate Area N/A See Wall Sign Aggregate Area N/A See Wall Sign Aggregate Area N/A N/A N/A Aggregate Area (Building Identification) max 50 sq.ft. per Frontage 40 sq. ft. max per Display Surface 24 sq.ft. Display Surface Aggregate Area (Business Identification) (linear feet of Frontage) x (aggregate area ratio) See Wall Sign Aggregate Area 15 sq.ft. max per Display Surface Width 70% of linear Frontage (per establishment) 60% valance area 8 ft. max Height (Measured from Average Sidewalk Elevation) 8 ft min (bottom of Sign) 8 ft min (bottom of Sign) Letters, emblems, logos or symbols on valance max 8 in 8 ft.

See Wall Sign Aggregate Area N/A See Wall Sign Aggregate Area N/A N/A N/A Aggregate Area (Building Identification) max 50 sq.ft. per Frontage 40 sq. ft. max per Display Surface 24 sq.ft. Display Surface Aggregate Area (Business Identification) (linear feet of Frontage) x (aggregate area ratio) See Wall Sign Aggregate Area 15 sq.ft. max per Display Surface Width 70% of linear Frontage (per establishment) 60% valance area 8 ft. max Height (Measured from Average Sidewalk Elevation) 8 ft min (bottom of Sign) 8 ft min (bottom of Sign) Letters, emblems, logos or symbols on valance max 8 in 8 ft. max (14 ft. max by Warrant) 7 ft. max Depth/Projection 12 in. max 3 ft. max 12 in. max 24 in. max Aggregate Area Per Sign Type Shall not exceed 60% of Aggregate Area; Included in total Aggregate Area 20% of total glass area; Included in total Aggregate Area 25 sq.ft. max; Included in total Aggregate Area 6 sq.ft. max per Frontage; Included in total Aggregate Area Limited to skirt or bottom edge of Awning; Include in total Aggregate Area Principal Frontage Quantity 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per window 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 sign per 100 ft. of frontage (no more than 2 Display Surfaces) 1 sign per drive- through (no more than 1 Display Surface) Secondary Frontage Quantity 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per window 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per 150 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors ILLUMINATION PERMIT By Warrant By Right N/A By Warrant By Right By Warrant By Right By Warrant By Right By Warrant By Right By Right By Right ADDRESS SIGN max 10 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign max 10 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign N/A N/A max 10 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign max 10 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign max 5 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 288/614 TABLE 15 SPECIFIC SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS (C) SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS WALL WINDOW PROJECTING HANGING AWNING MONUMENT MENU BOARD DIRECTIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL STANDARDS Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Any painted Wall Signs shall be permitted by Warrant. Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Signage to be displayed on street level windows only Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Projection angle shall be parallel or perpendicular to wall. Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Limited to establishment name,

graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Any painted Wall Signs shall be permitted by Warrant. Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Signage to be displayed on street level windows only Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Projection angle shall be parallel or perpendicular to wall. Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation. Individual Business Identification sign may be located within Building Identification Monument sign, but total Sign Area shall exceed one hundred (100) square feet. Height may exceed eight (8) feet by Warrant process, but shall not exceed fourteen (14) feet in height. Limited to establishment name, logo, menu selection/ pricing for food service, hours of operation. Shall be located within the Third Layer between the building and the drive-through lane and shall not be noticeably visible from the public right-of-way. Limited to Wall, Hanging, or Monument Signs. SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS WALL WINDOW PROJECTING HANGING AWNING MONUMENT MENU BOARD DIRECTIONAL C CS CI CI-HD CS CI CI-HD CS CI CI-HD CS CI CI-HD CS CI CI-HD CS CI CI-HD CS CI CI-HD CS CI CI-HD SINGLE ESTABLISHMENT WITHIN A BUILDING Aggregate Area Ratio 0.25 sq.ft. per linear Frontage 1.5 sq.ft. per linear Frontage N/A Aggregate Area (total linear building Frontage) x (aggregate area ratio); 300 sq.ft. max per Frontage (25 sq.ft. max for CS) 40 sq. ft. max per Display Surface 10 sq. ft. max per Display Surface Width 40% of linear Frontage 70% of linear Frontage 60% of valance area 8 ft. max Height (Measured from Average Sidewalk Elevation) 8 ft. min (bottom of sign) 8 ft. min (bottom of sign) Letters, emblems, logos or symbols on valance 8 in. max 8 ft. max (14 ft.max. by Warrant) 8 ft. max Depth/Projection 12 in. max 4 ft. max 24 in. max 10 in. max Aggregate Area Per Sign Type Shall not exceed 60% of Aggregate Area; Included in total Aggregate Are 1 sq.ft. max 20% of total glass area; Included in total Aggregate Area 25 sq.ft. max; Included in total Aggregate Area 6 sq.ft. max per frontage; Included in total Aggregate Area Limited to skirt or bottom edge of Awning; Included in total Aggregate Area Principal Frontage Quantity 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage (no more than 3 signs total) 1 per unit 1 Sign per window 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per window or door opening located on the Principal Frontage 1 sign per 100 ft. of Frontage (no more than 2 Display Surfaces) 1 sign per entrance, exit or parking area Secondary Frontage Quantity 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage (shall not exceed 50 sq.ft. area) 1 Sign per&nbsp;window

skirt or bottom edge of Awning; Included in total Aggregate Area Principal Frontage Quantity 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage (no more than 3 signs total) 1 per unit 1 Sign per window 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per window or door opening located on the Principal Frontage 1 sign per 100 ft. of Frontage (no more than 2 Display Surfaces) 1 sign per entrance, exit or parking area Secondary Frontage Quantity 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage (shall not exceed 50 sq.ft. area) 1 Sign per&nbsp;window 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per entrance, exit or parking area BUILDING WITH MORE THAN ONE ESTABLISHMENT OPENING TO THE OUTDOORS Aggregate Area Ratio N/A 1.0 sq.ft. per linear ft. N/A See Wall Sign Aggregate Area N/A See Wall Sign Aggregate Area N/A See Wall Sign Aggregate Area N/A See Wall Sign Aggregate Area N/A N/A N/A Aggregate Area (Building Identification) max 50 sq.ft. per Frontage 40 sq. ft. max per Display Surface 24 sq.ft. Display Surface Aggregate Area (Business Identification) (linear feet of Frontage) x (aggregate area ratio) See Wall Sign Aggregate Area 15 sq.ft. max per Display Surface Width 70% of linear Frontage (per establishment) 60% valance area 8 ft. max Height (Measured from Average Sidewalk Elevation) 8 ft min (bottom of Sign) 8 ft min (bottom of Sign) Letters, emblems, logos or symbols on valance max 8 in 8 ft. max (14 ft. max by Warrant) 7 ft. max Depth/Projection 12 in. max 3 ft. max 12 in. max 24 in. max Aggregate Area Per Sign Type Shall not exceed 60% of Aggregate Area; Included in total Aggregate Area 20% of total glass area; Included in total Aggregate Area 25 sq.ft. max; Included in total Aggregate Area 6 sq.ft. max per Frontage; Included in total Aggregate Area Limited to skirt or bottom edge of Awning; Include in total Aggregate Area Principal Frontage Quantity 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per window 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 sign per 100 ft. of Frontage (no more than 2 Display Surfaces) 1 sign per drive- through (no more than 1 Display Surface) Secondary Frontage Quantity 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per window 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per 150 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors ILLUMINATION PERMIT By Warrant By Right N/A By Warrant By Right By Warrant By Right By Warrant By Right By Warrant By Right By Right By Right ADDRESS SIGN max 10 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign max 10 sq.ft. area/max 1

Display Surfaces) 1 sign per drive- through (no more than 1 Display Surface) Secondary Frontage Quantity 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per window 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per 150 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors ILLUMINATION PERMIT By Warrant By Right N/A By Warrant By Right By Warrant By Right By Warrant By Right By Warrant By Right By Right By Right ADDRESS SIGN max 10 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign max 10 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign N/A N/A max 10 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign max 10 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign max 5 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign SUPPLEMENTAL STANDARDS Limited to establishment name, Limited to establishment name, Limited to establishment name, Limited to establishment name, Limited to establishment name, Limited to establishment name, Limited to establishment name, Limited to Wall, Hanging, or 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 289/614 TABLE 15 SPECIFIC SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS (D) SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS WALL WINDOW PROJECTING HANGING AWNING MONUMENT MENU BOARD DIRECTIONAL logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Any painted Wall Signs shall be permitted by Warrant. logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Signage to be displayed on street level windows only logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Projection angle shall be parallel or perpendicular to wall. logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation. Regional parks shall be allowed commercial sponsorship messages not to exceed twenty-five precent (25%) of total Sign Area Monument Sign total Sign Area shall not exceed one hundred (100) square feet. Height may exceed eight (8) feet by Warrant process, but shall not exceed fourteen (14) feet in height. logo, menu selection/ pricing for food service, hours of operation. Shall be located within the Third Layer between the building and the drive-through lane and shall not be noticeably visible from the public right-of-way. Monument Signs. SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS WALL WINDOW PROJECTING HANGING AWNING MONUMENT MENU BOARD DIRECTIONAL D D1 D2 D3 D1 D2 D3 D1 D2 D3 D1 D2 D3 D1 D2 D3 D1 D2 D3 D1 D2 D3 D1 D2 D3 SINGLE ESTABLISHMENT WITHIN A BUILDING Aggregate Area Ratio 1.5 sq.ft. per linear Frontage N/A Aggregate Area (total linear building Frontage) x (aggregate area ratio); 300 sq.ft. max per Frontage 40 sq. ft. max per Display Surface 10 sq. ft. max per Display Surface Width 70% of linear Frontage 60% of valance area 8 ft. max Height (Measured from Average Sidewalk Elevation) 8 ft. min (bottom of sign) 8 ft. min (bottom of sign) Letters, emblems, logos or symbols on valance 8 in. max 8 ft. max (14 ft.max. by Warrant) 8 ft. max Depth/Projection 12 in. max 4 ft. max 24 in. max 10 in. max Aggregate Area

1.5 sq.ft. per linear Frontage N/A Aggregate Area (total linear building Frontage) x (aggregate area ratio); 300 sq.ft. max per Frontage 40 sq. ft. max per Display Surface 10 sq. ft. max per Display Surface Width 70% of linear Frontage 60% of valance area 8 ft. max Height (Measured from Average Sidewalk Elevation) 8 ft. min (bottom of sign) 8 ft. min (bottom of sign) Letters, emblems, logos or symbols on valance 8 in. max 8 ft. max (14 ft.max. by Warrant) 8 ft. max Depth/Projection 12 in. max 4 ft. max 24 in. max 10 in. max Aggregate Area Per Sign Type Shall not exceed 60% of Aggregate Area; Included in total Aggregate Are 1 sq.ft. max 20% of total glass area; Included in total Aggregate Area 25 sq.ft. max; Included in total Aggregate Area 6 sq.ft. max per frontage; Included in total Aggregate Area Limited to skirt or bottom edge of Awning; Included in total Aggregate Area Principal Frontage Quantity 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage (no more than 3 signs total) 1 per unit 1 Sign per window 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per 150 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per window or door opening located on the Principal Frontage 1 sign per 100 ft. of Frontage (no more than 2 Display Surfaces) 1 sign per entrance, exit or parking area Secondary Frontage Quantity 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage (shall not exceed 50 sq.ft. area) 1 Sign per window 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per 250 ft linear Frontage 1 sign per entrance, exit or parking area BUILDING WITH MORE THAN ONE ESTABLISHMENT OPENING TO THE OUTDOORS Aggregate Area Ratio 1.0 sq.ft. per linear ft. See Wall Sign Aggregate Area See Wall Sign Aggregate Area See Wall Sign Aggregate Area See Wall Sign Aggregate Area N/A Aggregate Area (Building Identification) max 50 sq.ft. per Frontage 40 sq. ft. max per Display Surface 24 sq.ft. Display Surface Aggregate Area (Business Identification) (linear feet of Frontage) x (aggregate area ratio) See Wall Sign Aggregate Area 15 sq.ft. max per Display Surface Width 70% of linear Frontage (per establishment) 60% valance area 8 ft. max Height (Measured from Average Sidewalk Elevation) 8 ft min (bottom of Sign) 8 ft min (bottom of Sign) Letters, emblems, logos or symbols on valance max 8 in 8 ft. max (14 ft. max by Warrant) 7 ft. max Depth/Projection 12 in. max 3 ft. max 12 in. max 24 in. max Aggregate Area Per Sign Type Shall not exceed 60% of Aggregate Area; Included in total Aggregate Area 20% of total glass area; Included in total Aggregate Area 25 sq.ft. max; Included in total Aggregate Area 6 sq.ft. max per Frontage; Included in total Aggregate Area Limited to skirt or bottom edge of Awning; Include in total Aggregate Area Principal Frontage Quantity 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per window 1 Business Identification Sign per

by Warrant) 7 ft. max Depth/Projection 12 in. max 3 ft. max 12 in. max 24 in. max Aggregate Area Per Sign Type Shall not exceed 60% of Aggregate Area; Included in total Aggregate Area 20% of total glass area; Included in total Aggregate Area 25 sq.ft. max; Included in total Aggregate Area 6 sq.ft. max per Frontage; Included in total Aggregate Area Limited to skirt or bottom edge of Awning; Include in total Aggregate Area Principal Frontage Quantity 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per window 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Business Identification Sign per 20 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 sign per 100 ft. of Frontage (no more than 2 Display Surfaces) 1 sign per drive-through (no more than 1 Display Surface) Secondary Frontage Quantity 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per window 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per 100 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors 1 Sign per 150 ft. of establishment accessing the outdoors ILLUMINATION PERMIT By Right N/A By Right By Right By Right By Right By Right By Right ADDRESS SIGN max 10 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign max 10 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign N/A N/A max 10 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign max 10 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign max 5 sq.ft. area/max 1 sign 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 290/614 10.3 SUPPLEMENTAL SIGN REGULATIONS 10.3.1 Class A Signs (Temporary) For the purposes of this Article, Class A Signs shall be removed from the event or location to which they are related in a timeframe described below, unless otherwise specified. a. Class A (construction, development and special events signs). All construction, development and special events signs shall comply with the requirements of Chapter 62 of the City Code. b. Class A (real estate Signs). No Sign permit shall be required for real estate Signs displayed on private property. Such real estate Signs shall be removed within thirty (30) days of the sale or rental of the property. All such real estate Signs shall be subject to the following regulations: 1. In T5-L,O, T6-L,O, CI, CI-HD, D1, D2 and D3 Transect Zones, Signs shall not exceed fifteen (15) square feet in Sign surface Area; or 2. In T3, T4-R, T5-R or T6-R Transect Zones, Signs shall not exceed one (1) for each Dwelling Unit and not exceed four (4) square feet in Sign surface Area. c. Class A (political election Signs). No Sign permit shall be required for political election Signs displayed on private property. Such political election Signs shall be permitted no earlier than three (3) months prior to the date of the election and removed within fifteen (15) days after the election. All such political election Signs shall be subject to the following regulations: 1. In T5-L,O, T6-L,O, CI, CI-HD, D1, D2

or 2. In T3, T4-R, T5-R or T6-R Transect Zones, Signs shall not exceed one (1) for each Dwelling Unit and not exceed four (4) square feet in Sign surface Area. c. Class A (political election Signs). No Sign permit shall be required for political election Signs displayed on private property. Such political election Signs shall be permitted no earlier than three (3) months prior to the date of the election and removed within fifteen (15) days after the election. All such political election Signs shall be subject to the following regulations: 1. In T5-L,O, T6-L,O, CI, CI-HD, D1, D2 and D3 Transect Zones, Signs shall not exceed fifteen (15) square feet in aggregate of Sign surface Area; or 2. In T3, T4, T5-R and T6-R Transect Zones, Signs shall not exceed four (4) square feet in aggregate of Sign surface Area. 10.3.2 Class B Signs (Entertainment Establishments) For the purposes of this Article, Class B Signs for Entertainment Establishments may install no more than two (2) outdoor display encasements for event posters per fifty (50) feet of linear Frontage subject to the following guidelines: a. Shall be located within thirty (30) feet of Entertainment Establishments main entrance. b. Shall be permanently wall-mounted, maintained in good condition and contain current events. c. Shall not exceed forty-six (46) inches in height by thirty-two (32) inches in width by for (4) inches in depth. d. Framing materials (other than fasteners) for event posters shall be made of wood, brass or aluminum, and shall blend in and be consistent with the color of the building façade. e. Illuminated Sign encasements shall be subject to requirements of Section 10.1.4 (c) of this Article. f. Information displayed on posters shall be limited to the specific Entertainment Establishments events and event show times. 10.3.3 Class C Signs (Commercial Advertising Signs) All Class C Signs shall comply with the requirements of the City Code, Article IX of Chapter 2 for Outdoor Advertising on City Buildings and Article XIII of Chapter 62 for Murals and Billboards. 10.3.4 Home Office Signs All Home Office Signs shall be limited to one (1) sign and not to exceed one (1) square foot in Area located on the front facade. 10.3.6 Signs Above a Height of Fifty (50) Feet Except as otherwise provided in a specific Transect Zone, all Signs higher than fifty (50) feet above Average Sidewalk Elevation shall be permitted by Warrant and shall be reviewed based on the following guidelines: SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS WALL WINDOW PROJECTING HANGING AWNING MONUMENT MENU BOARD DIRECTIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL STANDARDS Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Any painted Wall Signs shall be permitted by Warrant. Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Signage to be displayed on street level windows only Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Projection angle shall be parallel or perpendicular to wall. Limited to establishment

by Warrant and shall be reviewed based on the following guidelines: SIGN DESIGN STANDARDS WALL WINDOW PROJECTING HANGING AWNING MONUMENT MENU BOARD DIRECTIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL STANDARDS Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Any painted Wall Signs shall be permitted by Warrant. Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Signage to be displayed on street level windows only Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Projection angle shall be parallel or perpendicular to wall. Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation and Class B Signs. Limited to establishment name, logo, decorative graphic bands, hours of operation. Individual Business Identification sign may be located within Building Identification Monument sign, but total Sign Area shall exceed one hundred (100) square feet. Height may exceed eight (8) feet by Warrant process, but shall not exceed fourteen (14) feet in height. Limited to establishment name, logo, menu selection/ pricing for food service, hours of operation. Shall be located within the Third Layer between the building and the drive-through lane and shall not be noticeably visible from the public right-of-way. Limited to Wall, Hanging, or Monument Signs. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 291/614 a. Signs shall be limited to the Building Identification or the name of one (1) major Commercial, Office or Lodging tenant of the Building occupying more than five percent (5%) of the gross leasable Building Floor Area. Not more than two (2) Signs per Building on two (2) separate Building Facades shall be permitted. b. Signs shall consist only of individual letters or a graphic logotype. No graphic embellishments such as borders or backgrounds shall be permitted. c. The maximum Sign Area shall be as indicated in the table below. d. When text and a graphic logotype are combined in an integrated fashion to form a seal or emblem representative of an institution or corporation, and when this emblem is to serve as the principal means of Building identification, the following regulations shall apply: e. The maximum length of the Sign shall not exceed eighty percent (80%) of the width of the Building wall upon which it is placed, as measured at the height of the Sign. The Sign shall consist of not more than one (1) horizontal line or one (1) vertical line of letters or symbols, unless it is determined by the Planning Director that two (2) lines of lettering would be more compatible with the Building design. The total length of the two (2) lines of lettering, end-to-end, if permitted, shall not exceed eighty percent (80%) of the width of the Building wall. f. No Waiver from maximum logotype, length of Sign or Number Of Signs shall be granted. g. The following design guidelines shall be applied to all Signs higher than fifty (50) feet above Average

consist of not more than one (1) horizontal line or one (1) vertical line of letters or symbols, unless it is determined by the Planning Director that two (2) lines of lettering would be more compatible with the Building design. The total length of the two (2) lines of lettering, end-to-end, if permitted, shall not exceed eighty percent (80%) of the width of the Building wall. f. No Waiver from maximum logotype, length of Sign or Number Of Signs shall be granted. g. The following design guidelines shall be applied to all Signs higher than fifty (50) feet above Average Sidewalk Elevation: 1. Signs should respect the Architectural Features of the Facade and be sized and placed subordinate to those features. Overlapping of functional windows, extensions beyond parapet edges obscuring architectural ornamentation or disruption of dominant Facade lines shall not be allowed. 2. The Sign’s color and value (shades of light and dark) should be harmonious with Building materials. Strong contrasts in color or value between the Sign and Building that draw undue visual attention to the Sign at the expense of the overall architectural composition shall be prohibited. 3. In the case of an Illuminated Sign, a reverse channel letter that silhouettes the Sign against an Illuminated Building face is desirable. Illumination of a Sign should be accompanied by accent lighting of the Building’s distinctive Architectural Features and especially the Facade area surrounding the Sign. Illuminated Signs on unlit Buildings shall not be allowed. 4. Feature lighting of the Building, including exposed light elements that enhance Building lines, light sculpture or kinetic displays that meet the criteria of the Miami Dade County art-in-public places ordinance, shall not be construed as Signage subject to these regulations. 10.3.7 Special Sign Package The purpose of a Special Sign Package is to allow greater flexibility in Sign regulations to result in a higher or specialized quality design for (i) buildings exceeding 200,000 square feet of commercial or office gross leasable Building Floor Area, (ii) mixed use developments over four (4) stories (excluding residential uses), (iii) entertainment establishments and Civil Support Uses exceeding 200,000 square feet of Building Floor Area, (iv) and buildings that solely serve the needs of neighborhood children and are affiliated with an abutting approved Rescue Mission. It is important that Sign designs preserve the characteristics of the surrounding community and create a Sign package that will contribute to the character of the area. Specific Sign standards may be exceeded for various Sign types with the exception that the total Aggregate Area is not exceeded. Comprehensive signage proposals for Special Sign Package may only be permitted by Warrant. Aggregate Areas that exceed Table 15 Sign Design Standards may be permitted only by Exception. 10.3.8 Regional Activity Complex Sign Package Comprehensive signage proposals for Regional Activity Complexes may only be permitted by Exception. Proposed Aggregate Area shall not exceed three (3) square feet for each linear foot of wall fronting on a street. In determining whether an Exception should be granted, the

of the area. Specific Sign standards may be exceeded for various Sign types with the exception that the total Aggregate Area is not exceeded. Comprehensive signage proposals for Special Sign Package may only be permitted by Warrant. Aggregate Areas that exceed Table 15 Sign Design Standards may be permitted only by Exception. 10.3.8 Regional Activity Complex Sign Package Comprehensive signage proposals for Regional Activity Complexes may only be permitted by Exception. Proposed Aggregate Area shall not exceed three (3) square feet for each linear foot of wall fronting on a street. In determining whether an Exception should be granted, the PZAB shall consider the following guidelines as well as Article 4, Table 12: a. Certain deviations from the Sign standards and areas otherwise applicable may be considered within comprehensive signage proposals for Regional Activity Complexes. Specific Sign criteria may be waived to achieve specific objectives commensurate with the facility’s regional purpose, size, bulk and scale. b. Signs should respect the Architectural Features of the Structure and be sized and placed subordinate to those features. Overlapping of functional windows, extensions beyond parapet edges obscuring architectural ornamentation or disruption of dominant Facade lines are examples of Sign design problems considered unacceptable. AREA any portion of a Sign over fifty (50) feet or greater, but less than two hundred (200) feet above grade 140 s. f. any portion of a Sign at two hundred (200) feet or greater, but less than three hundred (300) feet above grade 210 s. f. any portion of a Sign at three hundred (300) feet or greater, but less than four hundred (400) feet above grade 280 s. f. any portion of a Sign over four hundred (400) feet above grade 350 s. f. AREA any portion of a Sign over fifty (50) feet or greater, but less than two hundred (200) feet above grade 200 s. f. any portion of a Sign at two hundred (200) feet or greater, but less than three hundred (300) feet above grade 300 s. f. any portion of a Sign at three hundred (300) feet or greater, but less than four hundred (400) feet above grade 400 s. f. any portion of a Sign over four hundred (400) feet above grade 500 s. f. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 292/614 c. The Sign’s color and value (shades of light and dark) should be harmonious with Building materials. Strong contrasts in color or value between the Sign and Building that draw undue visual attention to the Sign at the expense of the overall architectural composition shall be avoided. d. In the case a Sign is Illuminated, a reverse channel letter that silhouettes the Sign against a lighted Building face is desirable. Illumination of a Sign should be accompanied by accent lighting of the Building’s distinctive Architectural Features and especially the Facade area surrounding the Sign. Illuminated Signs on unlit Buildings are unacceptable. The objective is a visual lighting emphasis on the Building with the lighted Sign as subordinate. Automatic electric changing Signs

or value between the Sign and Building that draw undue visual attention to the Sign at the expense of the overall architectural composition shall be avoided. d. In the case a Sign is Illuminated, a reverse channel letter that silhouettes the Sign against a lighted Building face is desirable. Illumination of a Sign should be accompanied by accent lighting of the Building’s distinctive Architectural Features and especially the Facade area surrounding the Sign. Illuminated Signs on unlit Buildings are unacceptable. The objective is a visual lighting emphasis on the Building with the lighted Sign as subordinate. Automatic electric changing Signs acceptable under the Miami-Dade County Code Section 33-96.1 may be reviewed for compliance under this Section. e. Feature lighting of the Building, including exposed light elements that enhance Building lines, light sculpture or kinetic displays that meet the criteria of the Miami Dade County art-in-public places under Miami-Dade County Code Section 2-11.15, shall not be construed as Signage subject to these regulations.

ARTICLE 11 . ART IN PUBLIC PLACES 11.1 ADMINISTRATION OF THE PROGRAM The Public Art Program shall be administered by the Public Art Division, a division within the City’s Planning Department. 11.2 REFERENCES See Chapter 62, Article XVI, of the City Code regarding the AIPBB, procedures, and other applicable requirements. 11.3 PUBLIC ART MASTER PLAN AND PUBLIC ART PROGRAM GUIDELINES The Public Art Division shall prepare both a Public Art Master Plan and Public Art Program Guidelines as defined in Article 1, Section 1.5. The Public Art Master Plan and the Public Art Program Guidelines shall be prepared and subject to approval of the City Commission, pursuant to a recommendation by the AIPPB. The Commission, pursuant to a recommendation by the AIPPB, shall also review and approve amendments to the Public Art Master Plan and the Public Art Program Guidelines, as may be proposed by the Public Art Division. 11.4 APPLICABILITY a. Government Development Projects including but not limited to those by the City, a Community Redevelopment Agency, the County, the State, or any other governmental agency shall comply with the provisions of Section 11.7 of this Article. b. The Building Department will calculate the pertinent Public Art Fee in accordance with this Article. When disputes arise in determining the Public Art Fee, the Developer(s) shall provide the Building Department and the Public Art Division a copy of the executed notarized construction services contract(s) for the Government Development Project so that the City can accurately determine the Construction Cost and properly calculate the Public Art Fee based upon the anticipated Construction Cost. c. The AIPPB, at a public hearing, may waive the following from the Public Art Program upon recommendation from the Public Art Division: 1. The reconstruction of Structures which have been damaged by fire, flood, wind, or other act of God. 2. The restoration or rehabilitation of a portion(s) of a Historic Resource as defined in Article 1, Section 1.5. that does not alter the size or occupancy load of the Structure. 3. The repair or rehabilitation of a Structure for the installation of fire sprinklers or improvements pursuant to the American with Disabilities Act. 4. Government Development Projects funded by grant(s) that prohibit the use of grant funds for purposes not specified under the grant(s). 5. Affordable Housing Developments not otherwise required to provide Public Art pursuant to Section 2-11.15 of the Miami-Dade County Code, as amended. 11.5 RESERVED 11.6 RESERVED 11.7 GOVERNMENT DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS - PUBLIC ART REQUIREMENT a. All Developers for Government Development Projects shall provide for the acquisition of Art equivalent in value to not less than one and one-half percent (1.5%) of the Project Cost of all Government Development Projects. Acquisition, commissioning, and selection of Art for Government Development Projects shall be in accordance with the criteria and standards set forth in the adopted Public Art Master Plan and Public Art Program Guidelines and subject to approval by the AIPPB. To the extent the total amount is not used for the acquisition, selection,

11.5 RESERVED 11.6 RESERVED 11.7 GOVERNMENT DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS - PUBLIC ART REQUIREMENT a. All Developers for Government Development Projects shall provide for the acquisition of Art equivalent in value to not less than one and one-half percent (1.5%) of the Project Cost of all Government Development Projects. Acquisition, commissioning, and selection of Art for Government Development Projects shall be in accordance with the criteria and standards set forth in the adopted Public Art Master Plan and Public Art Program Guidelines and subject to approval by the AIPPB. To the extent the total amount is not used for the acquisition, selection, or commissioning of Art, the remainder may be used for: 1. Public Art Program or administrative costs, repair and maintenance of any Art acquired under this Section, or insurance for any Art; or 2. To supplement other acquisition, commissioning, or selection of Art under this Section or the costs to transport, relocate, or remove Art in, on, or near government facilities which have already been constructed. b. Private funds used for Government Development Projects on land owned by the City, County, State, federal or any other governmental agency and on private property are subject to a one and a one-half percent (1.5%) Public Art Fee to be paid into the Fund prior to issuance of a master building permit. c. The AIPPB, upon a public hearing, may exempt the following from the Public Art Program upon recommendation from the Public Art Division: i. The requirements of Section 11.7(a) may be waived by resolution of the AIPPB when a Government Development Project is funded by grant(s) that prohibit the use of grant funds for purposes not specified under the grant(s); or ii. Government Development Projects or portions thereof that do not include Structures. Appendix A - Neighborhood Conservation District 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 293/614 A.1. CORAL GATE (NCD-1) 1.1 Boundaries Generally described as bounded by Douglas Road to the west, along the rear of properties on the north side of SW 18th Terrace, along the rear of properties on the west side of Coral Gate Drive, SW 16th Street on the north, SW 32nd Avenue on the east, and along the rear of properties on the south side of SW 21st Street. More specifically depicted on the Miami 21 Atlas. 1.2 Intent The Coral Gate neighborhood is a stable single-family neighborhood located within the Coral Way Area. Its proximity to the Coral Way commercial corridor has left the neighborhood with the threat of inappropriate commercial intrusion that may disrupt the quality of this well-maintained and stable single-family neighborhood. The purpose of this Neighborhood Conservation District is to eliminate uses that have the potential of bringing commercial intrusion into the neighborhood and also to eliminate the possibility of incompatible infill structures that are too tall and could deteriorate the historic quality of this low-density neighborhood. The intent is that this neighborhood be a pure single-family neighborhood. 1.3 Effect of NCD-1 district designation The effect of these NCD-1 regulations shall be to

the Coral Way commercial corridor has left the neighborhood with the threat of inappropriate commercial intrusion that may disrupt the quality of this well-maintained and stable single-family neighborhood. The purpose of this Neighborhood Conservation District is to eliminate uses that have the potential of bringing commercial intrusion into the neighborhood and also to eliminate the possibility of incompatible infill structures that are too tall and could deteriorate the historic quality of this low-density neighborhood. The intent is that this neighborhood be a pure single-family neighborhood. 1.3 Effect of NCD-1 district designation The effect of these NCD-1 regulations shall be to modify transect regulations included within the NCD boundaries to the extent indicated herein. 1.4 Principal uses and structures; prohibitions Principal uses and structures are as permitted generally or conditionally in the underlying transect, except the following uses shall not be permitted: a. Adult daycare centers b. Child daycare centers c. Primary and secondary schools 1.5 Permitted accessory uses and structures Only the following accessory uses and structures are permitted in conjunction with a single family residence: a. Detached garages and car shelters. b. Garden sheds. 1.6 Prohibitions Home occupations shall not be permitted. 1.7 Height Height is limited to a maximum of twenty-five (25) feet from flood level or average sidewalk elevation, whichever is higher. No variances for height shall be allowed. 1.8 Off-street Parking Requirements AMENDMENTS TO MIAMI 21 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13235 11-18-2010 Minor and non-substantial modifications throughout the Code 10-00956zt 13494 1-22-2015 Clarification of Single Family lot setback requirement applicability 14-01074z 14050 2-10-2022 It changes the responsibility for reviewing and making recommendations to the Planning Director from the Urban Design Review Board to the Historic and Environmental Preservation Board 14157 03-09-2023 It replaces or strike references to the Neighborhood Enhancement Team ("NET") 12614 14261 03-14-2024 It modifies the existing mixed use cultural district boundary, create new uses definitions, introduce development and parking flexibilities, and create new regulations and development guidelines for affordable housing 12860 14302 07-25-2024 It modifies the requirements for proposed demolitions 14197 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 294/614 Dwellings: Dwellings, minimum two (2) spaces per unit; such spaces may be permitted in a tandem fashion. Places of worship: For places of worship, a reduction of up to twenty-five (25) percent in required offstreet parking shall be permissible by Exception, provided findings are made that clearly show such reduction is reasonable based on such factors as facility proximity to mass transit, facility visitation policy, possible negative impact on the neighborhood, and the like. A.2. VILLAGE WEST ISLAND DISTRICT AND CHARLES AVENUE (NCD-2) 2.1 Boundaries Generally described as bounded by Douglas Road on the west, US 1 and Bird Road on the North, McDonald Street and Abitare Way on the east, and Franklin Avenue and a portion of Marler Avenue along the south. More specifically depicted on the Miami 21 Atlas. 2.2 Intent Village West Island District is of special and substantial public interest due to the unique role of Grand Avenue and Douglas

such factors as facility proximity to mass transit, facility visitation policy, possible negative impact on the neighborhood, and the like. A.2. VILLAGE WEST ISLAND DISTRICT AND CHARLES AVENUE (NCD-2) 2.1 Boundaries Generally described as bounded by Douglas Road on the west, US 1 and Bird Road on the North, McDonald Street and Abitare Way on the east, and Franklin Avenue and a portion of Marler Avenue along the south. More specifically depicted on the Miami 21 Atlas. 2.2 Intent Village West Island District is of special and substantial public interest due to the unique role of Grand Avenue and Douglas Road as the “Main Streets” for the surrounding Village West Island District Community and the unique Caribbean and Bahamian character and heritage of the Village West Island District in general. On Charles Avenue this NCD-2 will help define the uses and designs of buildings and help maintain the scale and character of the existing neighborhood. Both Village Island West and Charles Avenue illustrate the incomparable legacy of the African-American community to the City of Miami. The intent of NCD-2 is to identify and recognize this historical significance; to promote gateways, gathering places and activities corresponding to its culture and heritage; to compliment the character of the entire community and promote the history of the Island District; and to promote its successful revitalization and restoration. Charles Avenue (originally Evangelist Street) has historically housed some of the original Bahamian settlements within the Village West Island District that occupies the neighborhoods around the intersection of Douglas Road and Grand Avenue. This street has been degraded through demolition, abandonment and redevelopment and thereby diminishing the historic integrity to become a historic district; however, it is of special and substantial public interest due to its historic identity and remaining historic structures. This designation will encourage appropriate infill to preserve the context of historic sites on Charles Avenue, including: the Mariah Brown House, home of the first Bahamian settler; the Historic Black Cemetery; the E.F. Stirrup House, home of the first black doctor; historical churches, and several other historic homes. 2.3 Effect of NCD-2 district designation. 2.4 Residential All T3, Single-Family Residential zoning regulations shall apply within the Village West Island District and Charles Avenue, hereafter referred to as NCD-2, except as modified below. If any such requirements conflict, NCD-2 requirements shall apply. 2.4.1 Charles Avenue a. All new construction, major alterations, and additions on Charles Avenue shall be required to be reviewed by the process of Waiver. b. To ensure the compatibility of new construction on Charles Avenue, the design for any new construction shall also be reviewed by the Historic and Environmental Preservation Board (“HEPB”), in an advisory role, and shall make a recommendation to the Planning Director or designee for approval of the proposed work. c. HEPB and the Planning Director shall review new construction for its compatibility of scale, materials, roof slope, general form, massing, and ornamental details and apply the Village West Island District guidelines. d. Any requests for the demolition

Avenue shall be required to be reviewed by the process of Waiver. b. To ensure the compatibility of new construction on Charles Avenue, the design for any new construction shall also be reviewed by the Historic and Environmental Preservation Board (“HEPB”), in an advisory role, and shall make a recommendation to the Planning Director or designee for approval of the proposed work. c. HEPB and the Planning Director shall review new construction for its compatibility of scale, materials, roof slope, general form, massing, and ornamental details and apply the Village West Island District guidelines. d. Any requests for the demolition of structures that are over fifty (50) years in age along Charles Avenue shall be referred to the Historic Preservation Officer for review of historical significance. e. The architectural guidelines contained in the Village West Island District are intended to produce visual compatibility among the buildings on Charles Avenue and throughout the District representing building traditions of early South Florida, the Caribbean, and the early African-American settlers. 2.4.2 Single Family Residential District a. Adjacent lots or lots in the same subdivision under single ownership, or developed by a single builder or developer shall not employ the same, similar or duplicate architectural plans. Adjacent buildings under such conditions shall be substantially differentiated in massing, footprint, and exterior detailing. b. Front yards All front yards in the NCD-2 shall be designed in a way that minimizes the impact of garage fronts and off-street parking. Front yards shall provide a more permeable surface and use abundant landscaping and tree canopy throughout. The effect of these NCD-2 regulations shall be to modify transect regulations included within the NCD boundaries to the extent indicated herein. a. Nothing in these regulations shall be construed as to prohibit additional structures or neighborhoods to become Historic Preservation Overlays. b. All demolition permits shall be referred to: c. The Environmental Resources Department for compliance with Chapter 17 of the City Coded, titled “Environmental Preservation,” as may be amended. 1. The Historic and Environmental Preservation Division for review of structures fifty (50) years or older. 2. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 295/614 c. Building Envelope For the purpose of this section, a building site shall be defined as one or more lots or portions of lots that are aggregated to form a single family residential site including vacant lots and all permissible accessory uses and structures. Building sites shall not include any portions of land under a different zoning transect. d. Height Height is limited to a maximum of twenty-five (25) feet measured to the midpoint between the eave and roof top and is measured from flood level or average sidewalk elevation, whichever is higher. In addition to the maximum height of twenty-five (25) feet measured to the mid-point of the roof top and eave, chimneys, cupolas or other non-habitable architectural features of twenty-five (25) square feet in area or less may reach a maximum height of thirty (30) feet or as required by the fire code. For Lots with

include any portions of land under a different zoning transect. d. Height Height is limited to a maximum of twenty-five (25) feet measured to the midpoint between the eave and roof top and is measured from flood level or average sidewalk elevation, whichever is higher. In addition to the maximum height of twenty-five (25) feet measured to the mid-point of the roof top and eave, chimneys, cupolas or other non-habitable architectural features of twenty-five (25) square feet in area or less may reach a maximum height of thirty (30) feet or as required by the fire code. For Lots with less than ten thousand (10,000) square feet in area, the height limitation for accessory structures shall be thirteen (13) feet. e. Green Space The minimum green space requirement shall be three-tenths (0.3) times the Lot area. The use of permeable material for surfaces in the required yard may allow a 25% reduction in the required green space. f. Permitted Accessory Uses and Structures Accessory uses and structures are as permitted in the underlying transect zone, except that detached garages or car shelters on lots ten thousand (10,000) square feet or larger may include a second story as long as the allowable floor lot ratio and building footprint are not exceeded. Said second story may only be used as an owner occupied accessory structure. Two-story accessory structures shall have the same setback requirements as specified for two-story principal buildings. g. Additional Limitations and requirements 1. Lots and building sites: Wherever an existing single-family residence or lawful accessory building(s) or structure(s) is located on one or more platted lots or portions thereof, such lots shall thereafter constitute only one building site and no permit shall be issued for the construction of more than one single-family residence except by Warrant. Such structures shall include but not be limited to swimming pools, tennis courts, walls, and fences or other at grade or above ground improvements. No building sites in existence prior to September 24, 2005 shall be diminished in size except by Warrant, subject to the criteria specified in Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria. 2. Garages and Driveways: 3. Fences: All fences located within any street-front setback area shall be covered from the public right-of-way view by plant material except when said fence is faced or constructed with oolitic limestone. 4. Landscaping: All landscape shall comply with the City’s landscape and tree protection ordinances. h. Setbacks 1. Principal Building: Setbacks are variable to allow for a variety in architecture and placement of the building footprint. Projections of buildings into required setbacks shall be permitted subject to the criteria and requirements specified herein. On new construction or garage additions, no garage shall be located along the same front setback line as the front wall of a residential structure unless the garage door(s) does not face the street. Garage structures with access openings that face the street shall be set back a minimum of twenty (20) feet from the front wall of the principal

protection ordinances. h. Setbacks 1. Principal Building: Setbacks are variable to allow for a variety in architecture and placement of the building footprint. Projections of buildings into required setbacks shall be permitted subject to the criteria and requirements specified herein. On new construction or garage additions, no garage shall be located along the same front setback line as the front wall of a residential structure unless the garage door(s) does not face the street. Garage structures with access openings that face the street shall be set back a minimum of twenty (20) feet from the front wall of the principal residential structure. (a) Garage structures with access openings that face the street on corner lots which have a maximum depth of less than sixty (60) feet, may be set back a minimum of fifteen (15) feet from the front wall of the principal residential structure. (b) Notwithstanding the requirements of the Public Works Department, driveways shall have a maximum width of ten (10) feet within the first five (5) feet of all street-front required setbacks. (c) Driveways within a single building site shall not be located closer than twenty-five (25) feet to each other. (d) Except as required for the driveway approach, no portion of any driveway in a required yard adjacent to a street shall be within five (5) feet of any property line other than as may be required to allow for turnaround maneuver, in which case said driveway shall be constructed of permeable material in its entirety (e) Tandem parking shall be allowed. (f) Garage doors which are more than nine (9) feet wide shall not be allowed. (g) Minimum Front Setbacks: The minimum front setback shall be thirty (30) feet. The structure may project a maximum of ten (10) feet into the minimum required setback of thirty (30) feet provided said projection does not exceed thirty (30) feet in width along the front of the building. Unenclosed porches, entries, or loggias may project a maximum of fifteen (15) feet into the minimum required setback of thirty (30) feet. On corner lots the structure may project a maximum of fifteen (15) feet into the minimum required setback of thirty (30) feet. (a) Minimum Side Setbacks: The minimum side setback shall be five (5) feet, except for corner lots where the minimum side setback adjacent to the street shall be ten (10) feet. (b) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 296/614 2.5 Village West Island Commercial Districts a. Limitation. The square footage of individual retail establishments within Coconut Grove Corridors defined in Appendix A, Section 3.5 shall be limited to a maximum size of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet in total floor area used for retail and related services, except as may be modified below for “large- scale retail establishments.” Retail specialty centers as defined in City Code Sec. 4-2 located adjacent to Coconut Grove Corridors listed in Appendix A, Section 3.5, may be approved by a Warrant. Special event Class I permits are exempted from the limitations of

about:blank 296/614 2.5 Village West Island Commercial Districts a. Limitation. The square footage of individual retail establishments within Coconut Grove Corridors defined in Appendix A, Section 3.5 shall be limited to a maximum size of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet in total floor area used for retail and related services, except as may be modified below for “large- scale retail establishments.” Retail specialty centers as defined in City Code Sec. 4-2 located adjacent to Coconut Grove Corridors listed in Appendix A, Section 3.5, may be approved by a Warrant. Special event Class I permits are exempted from the limitations of this section. b. “Large-scale retail establishment” defined. A “large-scale retail establishment” for the purposes of NCD-2 is defined as a retail establishment or combination of commercial retail establishment(s), including membership establishments with any commercial retail use, of over twenty thousand (20,000) square feet in gross floor area. The gross floor area includes building gross floor area and ancillary outdoor storage or merchandise display areas. For the purposes of this definition, the floor area does not include motor vehicle parking or loading areas. For the purpose of determining the applicability of the twenty thousand (20,000) square feet of floor area, the aggregate square footage of all adjacent stores or retail tenants that share common checkout stands or a controlling interest, or storage areas, shall be considered one establishment. c. Exception required for Large Scale Retail establishments. A “large-scale retail establishment” within the Coconut Grove Corridors listed in Appendix A, Section 3.5 shall be permitted only by Exception. d. Site requirements. In addition to all requirements in the applicable zoning district, ”large-scale retail establishments” must meet the following site criteria and limitations: 1. Maximum size of retail establishment. The maximum size of any individual retail establishment within any Coconut Grove Corridor shall be seventy thousand (70,000) square feet. No individual retail establishment within a Large Scale Retail establishment shall be permitted which exceeds seventy thousand (70,000) square feet. 2. Minimum lot dimensions. “Large-scale retail establishments” may be permitted exclusively in lots having a minimum net area of two (2) acres. Properties which do not meet the two-acre size limitation shall be limited to individual establishments of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. 3. Minimum setbacks and build-to lines Large Scale Retail establishments shall have the following minimum setbacks: (a) Any front or side setback abutting a public right-of-way or non-residentially zoned property build-to line is twenty (20) feet. The area from the build-to line to the right-of-way line shall be used for permanent sidewalks with illumination, pedestrian amenities, or landscaping, except in areas as required for emergency access, or where driveway entrances are located. Landscaping in this setback area shall count toward the green space requirements. This area may not be used for parking or loading at any time. (b) Side or rear lot line abutting a residentially zoned property: setback is fifty (50) feet. The setback shall include a 20-foot heavily landscaped buffer area. If an access alley, parking, loading

property build-to line is twenty (20) feet. The area from the build-to line to the right-of-way line shall be used for permanent sidewalks with illumination, pedestrian amenities, or landscaping, except in areas as required for emergency access, or where driveway entrances are located. Landscaping in this setback area shall count toward the green space requirements. This area may not be used for parking or loading at any time. (b) Side or rear lot line abutting a residentially zoned property: setback is fifty (50) feet. The setback shall include a 20-foot heavily landscaped buffer area. If an access alley, parking, loading door, delivery area, or inventory storage area is present along this side of the property, then the setback area shall also include an eight-foot-high masonry wall inside of the 20-foot landscape buffer. 4. Building orientation and facades. (a) Building facades and elevations shall be designed to minimize the visual impacts of the scale of the building. (b) Large-scale retail structures may be oriented with their entrances toward arterial or collector roadways as defined in the City Comprehensive Plan. (c) Any side with regular public ingress/egress point(s) is to be considered a front. Regular public ingress/egress to the building shall not be located facing residential uses. There may be more than one (1) front. Front and side facade design shall include the following design features to minimize scale impacts and promote activated street frontages: (i) Building design variations at intervals no greater than fifty (50) feet. (ii) Storefront windows, with interior spaces visible and lit from within at night, equal to at least fifty (50) percent of the linear length of ground-floor wall on building front elevations as defined herein. Window spacing should be such that no more than twenty (20) percent of the length of the wall may have an uninterrupted length without storefront windows. 5. Vehicular access. Primary ingress and egress to the site must be provided from the arterial(s) and not from secondary roads or collectors and subject to the following: The minimum total side setbacks to be distributed shall be as established in the following table: TABLE INSET: Building Site Size in Square Feet Interior Lots First Story of Structure Interior Lots Second Story of Structure Corner Lots First Story of Structure Corner Lots Second Story of Structure Less than 7,500 10 feet 15 feet 15 feet 20 feet 7,500 -- 10,000 15 feet 25 feet 15 feet 25 feet More than 10,000 25 feet 35 feet 25 feet 35 feet Minimum Rear Setbacks: The minimum rear setback shall be twenty (20) feet. (c) Accessory Buildings: The minimum side setbacks shall be ten (10) feet. The minimum rear setback shall be ten (10) feet. The maximum width of said connection shall be ten (10) feet. (d) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 297/614 (a) Except as required for emergency access, vehicular driveways shall not be along local roadways as defined in the City Comprehensive Plan. (b) Except where required for emergency access or other compelling public safety reasons,

feet 25 feet More than 10,000 25 feet 35 feet 25 feet 35 feet Minimum Rear Setbacks: The minimum rear setback shall be twenty (20) feet. (c) Accessory Buildings: The minimum side setbacks shall be ten (10) feet. The minimum rear setback shall be ten (10) feet. The maximum width of said connection shall be ten (10) feet. (d) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 297/614 (a) Except as required for emergency access, vehicular driveways shall not be along local roadways as defined in the City Comprehensive Plan. (b) Except where required for emergency access or other compelling public safety reasons, vehicular driveways shall not be located within one hundred (100) feet of residentially-zoned land along the same side of the street, as measured from the nearest point of the driveway. (c) Delivery vehicle access/egress shall be clearly defined in the site plan, and shall only be from arterial roadways, and located no less than one hundred (100) feet from residentially-zoned land along the same side of the street, as measured from the nearest point of the driveway. (d) Where large and bulk merchandise sales are expected, customer pick-up access/egress shall be clearly defined in the site plan, and shall only be from arterial roadways, and located no less than one hundred (100) feet from residentially-zoned land along the same side of the street, as measured from the nearest point of the driveway. 6. Parking and loading requirements. (a) One (1) space per every two hundred (250) square feet of gross floor area shall be required for a “large-scale retail establishment.” All required parking must be provided onsite. (b) Along collector roads as defined by the City Comprehensive Plan, setback buffers, building design or other features shall screen parking such that no more than thirty (30) percent of the parking lot or facilities are visible from the roadway. (c) Along local roads as defined by the City Comprehensive Plan, setback buffers, building design or other features shall completely screen parking such that the parking lot or facilities are not visible from the roadway, except for distances as required by driveways or emergency access. (d) All loading and deliveries shall be adjacent to an arterial roadway. Said loading and delivery areas shall be screened from public view by an eight-foot wall. 7. Green space. A “large-scale retail establishment” shall implement landscaping in an area equal in size to, or greater than, fifteen (15) percent of the gross lot area. Landscaping shall be implemented generally so as to provide ample shade areas in the parking lot and abutting sidewalks and to minimize the visual impact of the structure and parking space on the streetscape. To this end, a landscape plan for the site shall be submitted to the Planning Department for review and approval by the Planning and Zoning Advisory Board as part of the required Exception. 8. Buffer. Wherever the property abuts another property with a more restrictive zoning designation, a “large-scale retail establishment” shall provide a twenty-foot wide heavily landscaped buffer.

(15) percent of the gross lot area. Landscaping shall be implemented generally so as to provide ample shade areas in the parking lot and abutting sidewalks and to minimize the visual impact of the structure and parking space on the streetscape. To this end, a landscape plan for the site shall be submitted to the Planning Department for review and approval by the Planning and Zoning Advisory Board as part of the required Exception. 8. Buffer. Wherever the property abuts another property with a more restrictive zoning designation, a “large-scale retail establishment” shall provide a twenty-foot wide heavily landscaped buffer. This buffer shall include Florida native trees at no less than fifteen (15) to twenty (20) feet in height, with a diameter at breast height of no less than four (4) to five (5) inches spaced on 15-foot centers. Also included in this buffer shall be hedging and ground cover. This buffer shall be included in the required landscape plan. 9. Fences and walls. Fences and walls shall be erected to a minimum height of eight (8) feet wherever the property abuts another property with a more restrictive zoning designation. e. Location of “large-scale retail establishment.” A “large-scale retail establishment” shall be located exclusively on a lot having frontage on one (1) or more arterial roads. f. Hours of operation. Except for special events requiring Class I permits, a “large-scale retail establishment” shall open no earlier than 7:00 a.m. on weekends and 8:00 a.m. on weekdays and shall close no later than 11:00 p.m. on weekends and 10:00 p.m. on weekdays. Deliveries to or from any “large-scale retail establishment” shall be limited to the hours of 10:00 a.m. through 3:00 p.m. Monday through Saturday. g. Variances prohibited. No variances from the provisions set forth in the site requirements or hours of operation are permitted. 2.5.1 Mixed Use Cultural District Boundaries: all properties located on Grand Avenue between McDonald Street on the east and the City limits on the west, and Douglas Road between Charles Terrace on the south and US-1 on the north, including all adjoining properties. The Mixed Use Cultural District also includes areas of the Grove Gateway, which is defined as both sides of Day Avenue between Douglas Road and US-1; Mundy Street Addition, defined as both sides of Mundy Street between Day Avenue and US-1; Kingsway Addition, defined as the area between Charles Terrace and Washington Avenue between Brooker and Jefferson Streets; Christ Episcopal Addition, defined as the area between William Ave and Grand Ave between Hibiscus Street and Elizabeth Street. The Mixed Use Cultural District is intended to give a distinctive cultural character to retail and commercial uses on Grand Avenue and Douglas Road. The intent is to enhance these corridors as a tourist destination, encourage heritage retail and cultural/historic businesses, support current resident-owned businesses, promote a cultural facade, provide more culturally themed businesses, establish a critical mass of housing and retail and provide a culturally themed bridge to all other parts of the District by

between Brooker and Jefferson Streets; Christ Episcopal Addition, defined as the area between William Ave and Grand Ave between Hibiscus Street and Elizabeth Street. The Mixed Use Cultural District is intended to give a distinctive cultural character to retail and commercial uses on Grand Avenue and Douglas Road. The intent is to enhance these corridors as a tourist destination, encourage heritage retail and cultural/historic businesses, support current resident-owned businesses, promote a cultural facade, provide more culturally themed businesses, establish a critical mass of housing and retail and provide a culturally themed bridge to all other parts of the District by promoting the culture of the community in this short corridor and entranceway to the commercial main street. To this end, the district is dedicated primarily to culturally themed boutiques, gift shops and book stores, hair salons, apparel, restaurants and cafes, music shops and outdoor plazas, straw markets, cultural facilities, art and upscale cultural entertainment that reflect a Caribbean culture. a. Use Regulations The Mixed Use Cultural District shall permit the following Uses in addition to those which are permitted in the underlying transect zones: 1. Permanent structures providing for a Straw Market with Caribbean crafts, foods, apparel, souvenirs, and other goods attractive to tourists, subject to a Waiver with a mandatory referral to the district, and limited to the following items for sale: Heritage retail foods, apparel, souvenirs; bookstores and gift shops with cultural themes; hair salons, including outdoor hair braiding; and music and entertainment reflective of that found in the Caribbean. 2. “Large-scale retail establishments” exclusively for the sale of groceries and not exceeding forty thousand (40,000) square feet shall be permitted within the Mixed Use Cultural District only for properties with an underlying T5 Transect Zone by process of Warrant. “Groceries” are defined as food products, dry groceries (such as meats, poultry, seafood, sushi, dairy products, frozen foods, fruits, vegetables, deli items, prepared foods, baked goods, health and beauty products, pharmaceuticals, and alcoholic beverages) or services commonly provided in a grocery store in Miami-Dade County. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 298/614 3. Other permissible uses along ground floor locations include: Bars, saloons, taverns, private clubs, supper clubs, including those with dancing and live entertainment are permitted in such ground floor locations along primary streets or elsewhere within the district only by Warrant, and only subject to limitations on buffer overlay districts. 4. Sales display and outdoor dining within open or partially open space. 5. Vending in open space as per the City of Miami’s Vending in Open Space Regulations. 6. Art gallery: A for profit or not-for-profit place of business primarily engaged in the display and/or sale of art work created or produced on or off site, with works available for immediate purchase and removal from the premises, and can be used for purposes of public programming and community education programs. 7. Manufacturing enabled retail: A facility primarily engaged in the manufacturing, processing, or assembly of goods and shall include on-premises retail sales. 8. Micro-Retail: An individual retail

open or partially open space. 5. Vending in open space as per the City of Miami’s Vending in Open Space Regulations. 6. Art gallery: A for profit or not-for-profit place of business primarily engaged in the display and/or sale of art work created or produced on or off site, with works available for immediate purchase and removal from the premises, and can be used for purposes of public programming and community education programs. 7. Manufacturing enabled retail: A facility primarily engaged in the manufacturing, processing, or assembly of goods and shall include on-premises retail sales. 8. Micro-Retail: An individual retail sales establishment under 500 square feet of Habitable Space. 9. Community Garden: a grouping of garden plots on an open-air lot that is primarily used for the small-scale cultivation and harvesting of fruits and vegetables, herbs and/or ornamental plants by and for consumption by residents, businesses, or community organizations within the neighborhood; excluding raising of livestock, animal husbandry or other traditional agricultural production for wholesale distribution. b. Height: In order to ensure appropriate scale of infill development along Grand Avenue and Douglas Road, irrespective of the underlying zoning limitations, except as modified below, new Single-Use structures shall be limited to a maximum of fifty (50) feet and mixed-use structures shall be accommodated in no more than five (5) stories. All new development shall adhere to the Village West Island Grand Avenue Architectural and Urban Design Guidelines. c. Architectural Guidelines: All establishments and businesses in the Mixed Use Cultural District shall conform to the Village West Island and Grand Avenue Architectural and Urban Design Guidelines and shall maintain a facade that is consistent with Caribbean architectural facades as described and as examples are shown within the guidelines. To enhance the Caribbean architectural style and achieve the goals outlined in the Grand Avenue Vision Plan, the following standards apply to all developments on the Grand Avenue and Douglas Road corridors within the Mixed Use Cultural District: 1. Building Configuration Galleries, Arcades and Cantilevered Buildings shall be permitted to extend above the Public Right-of-Way. In T5 and T6, an Arcade, Gallery or Cantilever, and the addition of any Habitable Space above an Arcade or Cantilever, shall require a Warrant and: (i) a recommendation of approval or approval with conditions by UDRB; and (ii) the approval of the Director of Public Works. 2. Architectural Standards 3. Landscape Standards d. Additional Regulations 1. Existing businesses established prior to the adoption of this code shall be allowed to remain in the Mixed Use Cultural District regardless of their cultural theme without being considered nonconformities. 2. Shared Parking: Office, Commercial or Residential-lined shared structured parking shall be permitted within the Mixed Use Cultural District. Underground parking shall be permitted in T3 and T4 Transect Zones by Warrant for those properties which abut T5 Transect Zones in the Mixed Use Cultural District. Any T3 designated properties which have underground parking shall be required to be developed with Residential Structures for Residential Use on the surface of the underground

established prior to the adoption of this code shall be allowed to remain in the Mixed Use Cultural District regardless of their cultural theme without being considered nonconformities. 2. Shared Parking: Office, Commercial or Residential-lined shared structured parking shall be permitted within the Mixed Use Cultural District. Underground parking shall be permitted in T3 and T4 Transect Zones by Warrant for those properties which abut T5 Transect Zones in the Mixed Use Cultural District. Any T3 designated properties which have underground parking shall be required to be developed with Residential Structures for Residential Use on the surface of the underground parking structure. No replat is required if the T3 Transect Zone properties are tied to the property abutting the Mixed Use Cultural District by a covenant-in-lieu of Unity of Title. 3. Density: Except as otherwise noted, Density limitations shall apply as per the underlying Transect Zone without the limitation of one (1) unit per lot of record for T3-R and two (2) units per lot of record for T3-O. An Arcade shall not reduce the active Sidewalk width from the connecting Sidewalk and shall maintain a minimum vertical clearance of fifteen feet (15’) above the average Sidewalk grade. The Arcade shall be a minimum of thirteen feet (13’) deep and may overlap the whole width of the Sidewalk to within two feet (2’) of the curb. Arcades shall be allowed by Waiver on Principal Frontages. i. A Gallery shall not reduce the active Sidewalk width from the connecting Sidewalk and shall maintain a minimum vertical clearance of fifteen feet (15’) above the average Sidewalk grade. The Gallery shall be a minimum of thirteen feet (13’) deep and may overlap the whole width of the Sidewalk to within two (2’) feet of the curb. Galleries shall be allowed by Waiver on Principal Frontages. ii. The Facades on Commercial Principal Frontages shall be detailed as storefronts with decorative Facade treatment with a glazing standard provided between seventy percent (70%) and thirty percent (30%) glazing is allowed By Right. Requests for reductions to provide between twenty-nine percent (29%) to a minimum of twenty percent (20%) glazing may be allowed by Waiver in order to create a more Caribbean architectural facade. i. The First Layer shall be hardscaped to match the Public Frontage. Street trees shall be neatly aligned in the Verge, or in bulb outs where possible, and the Verge shall be permeable pavement. i. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 299/614 4. The following minimum setbacks shall apply: e. Mixed Use Cultural District Affordable and Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Development Regulations The intent of this section is to promote development of housing that is affordable to households earning below the Area Median Income (AMI) in order to prevent displacement, to foster cultural preservation, to incentivize the reuse of existing buildings in order to create housing that are compatible with established neighborhood character; to promote City goals of achieving greater cultural preservation and a more equitable distribution of affordable housing in the Mixed Use Cultural

pavement. i. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 299/614 4. The following minimum setbacks shall apply: e. Mixed Use Cultural District Affordable and Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Development Regulations The intent of this section is to promote development of housing that is affordable to households earning below the Area Median Income (AMI) in order to prevent displacement, to foster cultural preservation, to incentivize the reuse of existing buildings in order to create housing that are compatible with established neighborhood character; to promote City goals of achieving greater cultural preservation and a more equitable distribution of affordable housing in the Mixed Use Cultural District of NCD-2. Developments within the West Grove Mixed Use Cultural District and zoned T4 Transect Zone or higher shall meet criteria within subsection (1) Affordable Housing Development or (2) Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Development: 1. Mixed Use Cultural District Affordable Housing Developments: As a pre-requisite to qualify as an Affordable Housing Development eligible for any of the special benefits described below, an applicant shall submit to the Office of Zoning a recorded covenant running with the land, in a form acceptable to the City of Miami, confirming the property will meet the criteria in subsection (i) or (ii) below for a period of no less than thirty (30) years from the date of the issuance of a final Certificate of Occupancy or Temporary Certificate of Occupancy, whichever is issued first, and Certification by the City’s Housing and Community Development Department, or successor Department, that the proposed Development will provide: 2. Mixed Use Cultural District Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Developments: As a pre-requisite to qualify as an Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Development eligible for any of the special benefits described below, an applicant shall submit to the Office of Zoning a recorded covenant running with the land acceptable to the City of Miami confirming the property will meet the criteria in subsection (i) or (ii) below for a period of no less than thirty (30) years from the date of the issuance of a final Certificate of Occupancy or Temporary Certificate of Occupancy, whichever is issued first, and Certification by the City’s Housing and Community Development Department, or successor Department, that the proposed Development will provide: 3. Mixed Use Cultural District Affordable Housing Preference Program: T3-R Properties Front: twenty (20) feet Side: five (5) feet Rear: zero (0) feet i. T3-O Properties Front: ten (10) feet Side: Zero (0) feet Rear: Zero (0) feet ii. Minimum required setbacks may be reduced through the Warrant process. iii. A minimum of eighty percent (80%) of the Dwelling Units (Multi-family or Elderly) as Affordable Housing serving residents at or below seventy percent (70%) of the Area Median Income (AMI) as published by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development annually. The remainder of the Dwelling Units shall not exceed one hundred percent (100%) AMI; i. Home Buying Program: A minimum of fifty percent (50%) of the Dwelling Units shall be offered to home buyers with income at a maximum of 120% AMI. ii. A

feet ii. Minimum required setbacks may be reduced through the Warrant process. iii. A minimum of eighty percent (80%) of the Dwelling Units (Multi-family or Elderly) as Affordable Housing serving residents at or below seventy percent (70%) of the Area Median Income (AMI) as published by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development annually. The remainder of the Dwelling Units shall not exceed one hundred percent (100%) AMI; i. Home Buying Program: A minimum of fifty percent (50%) of the Dwelling Units shall be offered to home buyers with income at a maximum of 120% AMI. ii. A minimum of twenty percent (20%) of the Dwelling Units as Affordable Housing serving residents at or below seventy percent (70%) of AMI, a minimum of ten percent (10%) of the Dwelling Units above sixty percent (60%) of the AMI and at or below eighty percent (80%) of the AMI, a maximum of ten percent (10%) of the Dwelling Units at any price, and the remainder of the Dwelling Units as Workforce Housing above sixty percent (60%) of the AMI and at or below one hundred percent (100%) of the AMI. i. Home Buying Program: A minimum of thirty percent (30%) of the Dwelling Units shall be offered to home buyers with income at a maximum of 120% AMI. ii. Purchased Dwelling Units shall be created and conveyed subject to recorded covenants approved by HCD guaranteeing the long-term (30 years or more) availability of the Affordable Housing Dwelling Units for eligible households. iii. Affordable Housing Dwelling Units provided pursuant to subsections (1) or (2) above may be rented or sold to eligible households, with preference given to NCD-2 – West Grove residents and former NCD-2 residents who experienced a no-fault eviction in NCD-2 in the last forty-eight (48) months, in accordance with standards and procedures related to selection, asset limits, and marketing established by the Housing and Community Development Department (HCD) and applicable State and Federal funding requirements. i. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 300/614 f. In place of any conflicting provisions elsewhere in this Code, Mixed Use Cultural District Affordable and Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Developments may be developed in accordance with the following: Affordable Housing Development Standards. The following standards apply to those developments meeting the program identified in Section 2.5.1.e.1. 1. Density – Developments certified under 2.5.1.e.1 may increase its Density 100%. The property must be eligible to increase its Density by being consistent with the Interpretation of the Future Land Use Map (FLUM) of the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan (MCNP). 2. Parking Standards – are set forth in Article 4, Table 4, except as modified below: 3. Off-Site Parking: Parking requirements may be satisfied off-site within a Parking Structure in the T4, T5 or T6 transect zone that shall be within 1,500 feet measured from the nearest point on the parcel of land of the proposed Development site. 4. Loading Standards - Loading standards are set forth in Article 4, Table 5, except as modified below: 5. Architectural

its Density by being consistent with the Interpretation of the Future Land Use Map (FLUM) of the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan (MCNP). 2. Parking Standards – are set forth in Article 4, Table 4, except as modified below: 3. Off-Site Parking: Parking requirements may be satisfied off-site within a Parking Structure in the T4, T5 or T6 transect zone that shall be within 1,500 feet measured from the nearest point on the parcel of land of the proposed Development site. 4. Loading Standards - Loading standards are set forth in Article 4, Table 5, except as modified below: 5. Architectural Standards General Urban Transect Zones (T4) An eligible household may continue to rent a Dwelling Unit after initial occupancy even if the eligible household’s gross household income exceeds the eligibility limits set forth herein, but may not exceed one hundred twenty percent (120%) of AMI for more than one year. Should the Eligible Household’s income exceed the eligibility limits for more than one (1) year then upon lease renewal for existing Eligible Household unit, lessee shall be notified and given up to one (1) additional year to find new housing meeting their income level needs. ii. Developments within TOD or Transit Corridors may fully reduce parking requirements. i. Shared parking factors identified within Article 4, Table 5 shall be modified as the following; ii. Office-Residential is 1.5; 1. Commercial-Residential is 1.5; 2. For other uses not indicated within Article 4, Table 5 sharing factor, a sharing factor of 1.4 shall be allowed for mixed-use developments. 3. Access aisle width in off-street Parking Structures shall be 20 foot minimum for 90° angle parking. iii. Compact parking stalls are permitted for Developments subject to the following: iv. Compact stalls shall have dimensions no less than eight feet (8') in width and fifteen (15') feet in length. 1. The first five (5) parking spaces shall be standard size stalls. Fifty percent (50%) of the remaining parking may be compact spaces. 2. An applicant requesting Parking off-site within a Parking Structure shall provide a Parking covenant, in a form acceptable to the City Attorney, to be recorded against the proposed Parking Structure site prior to issuance of a Certificate of Occupancy or Temporary Certificate of Occupancy for the Development site, as applicable. The covenant shall, at a minimum, memorialize the Property location and number of spaces of the proposed Development site for which the Parking Structure provides such parking availability. The applicant may request the removal or modification of a Parking covenant upon such time that the City Parking requirements are reduced or mass transit conditions are modified in a way that may facilitate additional Parking space reductions, or the required parking being provided off-site is otherwise satisfied on-site, off-site or through payment of fees in lieu, if applicable. i. On-street loading for all Developments may be allowed for a maximum of one (1) loading space in areas designated by signage and for limited intervals during specified hours. This Section applies to only Office,

Parking Structure provides such parking availability. The applicant may request the removal or modification of a Parking covenant upon such time that the City Parking requirements are reduced or mass transit conditions are modified in a way that may facilitate additional Parking space reductions, or the required parking being provided off-site is otherwise satisfied on-site, off-site or through payment of fees in lieu, if applicable. i. On-street loading for all Developments may be allowed for a maximum of one (1) loading space in areas designated by signage and for limited intervals during specified hours. This Section applies to only Office, Commercial, Lodging, and Residential Loading, as needed. i. On-street loading areas intended to service Office, Commercial, Lodging and Residential loading berth requirements described within Article 4, Table 5 are permitted within specifically designated zones along Grand Avenue and Douglas located within 500’ feet of the Development site. On-street loading within such designated zones shall not exceed 20 minutes. Such loading activity shall occur only between times posted. ii. Setback and Landscape Buffer: Development on assembled lots with at least one lot designated as a T4 Transect, and abutting a property with a T3 zoning designation, the development shall provide a ten foot (10’) setback along the T3 property and shall be heavily landscaped along the T3 property. This setback shall include Florida native landscaping and trees, hedging, and ground cover. This setback shall be included in the required landscape plan and shall i. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 301/614 Urban Center Transect Zones (T5) Urban Code Transect Zones (T6) Mixed Use Cultural District Attainable Mixed-Income Housing Development Standards 1. Architectural Standards General Urban Transect Zones (T4) Urban Center Transect Zones (T5) be maintained for as long as the lot abuts T3 property. The setback distance may be reduced by permission of the Planning Director if a certified letter of agreement from the abutting neighbors is obtained. Height: Projects within a TOD shall have a maximum building height of 40 feet with no limitation on the number of Stories. ii. Setback and Landscape Buffer: Developments on T5 Lots abutting another property with a T3 zoning designation, the development shall provide a minimum fifteen foot (15’) setback along the T3 property. This setback shall include Florida native landscaping and trees at no less than fifteen (15’) to twenty (20’) feet in height, with a diameter at breast height of no less than four (4”) to five (5”) inches spaced on 15-foot centers. Also included in this setback shall be native hedging and native ground cover. This buffer shall be included in the required landscape plan and shall be maintained for as long as the lot abuts T3 property. For developments adjoining a T3 property, the setback distance may be reduced by permission of the Planning Director if a certified letter of agreement from the abutting neighbors is obtained. i. Height: T5 Lots may be built to a height of 75 feet and five (5) Stories. Developments within a TOD shall have a

four (4”) to five (5”) inches spaced on 15-foot centers. Also included in this setback shall be native hedging and native ground cover. This buffer shall be included in the required landscape plan and shall be maintained for as long as the lot abuts T3 property. For developments adjoining a T3 property, the setback distance may be reduced by permission of the Planning Director if a certified letter of agreement from the abutting neighbors is obtained. i. Height: T5 Lots may be built to a height of 75 feet and five (5) Stories. Developments within a TOD shall have a maximum building height of 85 feet with no limitation on the number of Stories. ii. Setback and Landscape Buffer: Developments on T6 Lots abutting another lot with a T3 or T4 Transect Zone, the development shall provide a fifteen (15’) foot wide setback along the T3 and/or T4 property. This setback shall include Florida native landscaping and trees at no less than fifteen (15’) to twenty (20’) feet in height, with a diameter at breast height of no less than four (4”) to five (5”) inches spaced on 15-foot centers. Also included in this setback shall be native hedging and native ground cover. The setback distance may be reduced by permission of the Planning Director if a certified letter of agreement from the abutting neighbors is obtained. i. Height: T6-8 Lots within a TOD may be built to a maximum height of 125 feet with no limitation on the number of Stories. T6 Developments may receive an additional twenty-five percent (25%) bonus Building Height and FLR through participation in the Public Benefit Program within Article 3, Section 3.14. ii. Density: Developments certified under 2.5.1.e.2 may increase its density up to fifty (50%) percent. The property must be eligible to increase its Density by being consistent with the Interpretation of the Future Land Use Map (FLUM) of the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan (MCNP). i. Setback and Landscape Buffer: Development on assembled lots with at least one lot designated as a T4 Transect Zone, and abutting a property with a T3 transect zoning designation, the development shall provide a ten foot (10’) setback along the T3 property and shall be heavily landscaped along the T3 property. This setback shall include Florida native landscaping and trees, hedging, and ground cover. This setback shall be included in the required landscape plan and shall be maintained for as long as the lot abuts T3 property. The setback distance may be reduced by permission of the Planning Director if a certified letter of agreement from the abutting neighbors is obtained. ii. Height: Height for Gable or Hip Roof developments shall be measured to the eave-roof junction. iii. Parking: Developments within the TOD or Transit Corridor under 20,000 gross square feet area may be granted a 50% parking reduction for all Residential and Commercial Uses. iv. Density: Developments certified under 2.5.1. e.2 may increase its Density up to fifty (50%) percent. The property must be eligible to

maintained for as long as the lot abuts T3 property. The setback distance may be reduced by permission of the Planning Director if a certified letter of agreement from the abutting neighbors is obtained. ii. Height: Height for Gable or Hip Roof developments shall be measured to the eave-roof junction. iii. Parking: Developments within the TOD or Transit Corridor under 20,000 gross square feet area may be granted a 50% parking reduction for all Residential and Commercial Uses. iv. Density: Developments certified under 2.5.1. e.2 may increase its Density up to fifty (50%) percent. The property must be eligible to increase its Density by being consistent with the Interpretation of the Future Land Use Map (FLUM) of the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan (MCNP). i. Setback and Landscape Buffer: Developments on T5 Lots abutting another property with a T3 zoning designation, the development shall provide a minimum fifteen foot (15’) setback along the T3 property. This setback shall include Florida native landscaping and trees at no less than fifteen (15’) to twenty (20’) feet in height, with a diameter at breast height of no less than four (4”) to five (5”) inches spaced on 15-foot centers. Also included in this setback area shall be native hedging and native ground cover. This buffer shall be included in the required landscape plan and shall be maintained for as long as the lot abuts T3 property. For developments adjoining a T3 property, the setback distance may be reduced by permission of the Planning Director if a certified letter of agreement from the abutting neighbors is obtained. ii. Height: T5 Lots shall have a maximum building height of 85 feet with no limitation on the number of Stories. iii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 302/614 Urban Code Transect Zones (T6) 2.5.2 Market District Boundaries: all properties fronting on Grand Avenue between Commodore Plaza Street to the east and Elizabeth Street to the west. The Market District is intended to foster community markets along a portion of Grand Avenue relating to the sale of fruits, vegetables and other crafts indigenous of the Caribbean Islands. The Caribbean Market allows for a tourism destination similar to those found throughout Caribbean nations and heritage of the surrounding community. a. Use Regulations. The Market District area shall permit the following uses, in addition to those which are permitted in the underlying transect zone: 1. Farmer’s markets and Caribbean crafts and food markets that specialize in the sale of crafts and fresh fruits and vegetables are permitted within this district, subject to a Warrant. All regulations contained in this code are applicable, and further subject to the following limitations: (a) Any outdoor market must be located on a parcel of no less than fifteen thousand (15,000) square feet of lot area. (b) An outdoor market shall be limited to no more than sixty-five (65) percent of the area of the subject parcel in display area. (c) An outdoor market may not include any permanent structures. All display tables and other such

food markets that specialize in the sale of crafts and fresh fruits and vegetables are permitted within this district, subject to a Warrant. All regulations contained in this code are applicable, and further subject to the following limitations: (a) Any outdoor market must be located on a parcel of no less than fifteen thousand (15,000) square feet of lot area. (b) An outdoor market shall be limited to no more than sixty-five (65) percent of the area of the subject parcel in display area. (c) An outdoor market may not include any permanent structures. All display tables and other such material must be removed at the end of the permitted time of operation. (d) The outdoor market display area shall be located along the Grand Avenue frontage and be set back no less than twenty-five (25) feet from any abutting residentially zoned property. (e) No outdoor market may be located closer than one thousand five hundred (1,500) feet from another outdoor market. (g) Only handmade crafts, fresh fruits and vegetables, prepared raw foods and drinks derived from fresh fruits and vegetables may be sold in an outdoor market within this district. b. Additional Regulations 1. All establishments and businesses in the Market District shall conform to the Village Island West and Grand Avenue Architectural and Urban Design Guidelines and shall maintain a facade that is consistent with Caribbean architectural facades as described and as examples are shown within the guidelines. 2. Existing businesses established prior to the adoption of this code shall be allowed to remain in the Market District regardless of their cultural theme without being considered nonconformities. A.3. COCONUT GROVE NEIGHBORHOOD CONSERVATION DISTRICT NCD-3 3.1 Boundaries Generally described as bounded by Douglas Avenue on the west, Franklin Avenue and a portion of Marler Avenue along the north (Douglas Road – Arbitare Way), Arbitare Way and McDonald Avenue along the west (Main Hwy – Bird Road), Bird Road on the south (McDonald Ave – US 1), US 1 on the north, Rickenbacker Causeway on the east, Biscayne Bay along the east and south, Prospect Drive and along the rear of properties on the south side of Battersea Road to Douglas Road. More specifically depicted on the Miami 21 Atlas. a. Coconut Grove Sub-Districts: 1. North Grove- bounded by U.S. 1 on the north, Rickenbacker Causeway on the east, Biscayne Bay on the south and S.W. 27th Avenue on the west. 2. Center Grove- bounded by U.S. 1 on the north, S.W. 27th Avenue on the east, Oak Street on the south, and S.W. 32nd Avenue on the west. 3. South Grove- bounded by Loquat Avenue, Kumquat Avenue, Franklin Avenue, and Main Highway on the north, along the eastern edge of properties located east of Munroe Drive on the east, Biscayne Bay, and Prospect Drive, Battersea Road, and Le Jeune Road on the south, and Le June Road on the west. 4. Village Center- bounded by Oak Street and Tigertail Avenue on the north, S.W. 27th Avenue on the east,

west. 2. Center Grove- bounded by U.S. 1 on the north, S.W. 27th Avenue on the east, Oak Street on the south, and S.W. 32nd Avenue on the west. 3. South Grove- bounded by Loquat Avenue, Kumquat Avenue, Franklin Avenue, and Main Highway on the north, along the eastern edge of properties located east of Munroe Drive on the east, Biscayne Bay, and Prospect Drive, Battersea Road, and Le Jeune Road on the south, and Le June Road on the west. 4. Village Center- bounded by Oak Street and Tigertail Avenue on the north, S.W. 27th Avenue on the east, Biscayne Bay, along the western edge of the Barnacle State Park, Main Highway, Via Abitare Way and SW 32nd Avenue on the west. 3.2 Intent Parking: Developments within the TOD or Transit Corridor under 20,000 square feet gross area may be granted a 50% parking reduction for all Residential and Commercial Uses. iv. Density: Developments certified under 2.5.1.e.2 may increase its density up to fifty (50%) percent. The property must be eligible to increase its Density by being consistent with the Interpretation of the Future Land Use Map (FLUM) of the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan (MCNP). i. Setback and Landscape Buffer: Developments on T6 lots abutting another lot with a T3 or T4 Transect Zone, the development shall provide a fifteen (15’) foot wide setback along the T3 and/or T4 property. This setback shall include Florida native landscaping and trees at no less than fifteen (15’) to twenty (20’) feet in height, with a diameter at breast height of no less than four (4”) to five (5”) inches spaced on 15-foot centers. Also included in this setback area shall be native hedging and native ground cover. The setback distance may be reduced by permission of the Planning Director if a certified letter of agreement from the abutting neighbors is obtained. ii. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 303/614 The intent of the Coconut Grove Neighborhood Conservation District NCD-3 is to establish a protective series of legislative elements to preserve the historic, heavily landscaped character of Coconut Grove’s residential areas; enhance and protect Coconut Grove’s natural features such as the tree canopy and green space; and protect the architectural variety within the unique single family neighborhood that comprises Coconut Grove. The community of Coconut Grove predates the City of Miami, and is known for its character, derived from lush landscaping, and naturally occurring vegetation and trees, and its unique property sizes and shapes; bay views; geologic features; proximity to Biscayne Bay; public open space; recreational opportunities; commercial services; and a special character imparted by its tropical vegetation and historic structures. Properties shall not be platted, re-platted or configured in any way that destroys a median, green space, landscape easement or road configuration that contributes to the character of the subdivision within the NCD-3 area. 3.3 Effect of district designation 3.4 Additional notice and review a. Additional notice required for Exception and Variance applications. All Coconut Grove neighborhood or homeowner associations that wish

occurring vegetation and trees, and its unique property sizes and shapes; bay views; geologic features; proximity to Biscayne Bay; public open space; recreational opportunities; commercial services; and a special character imparted by its tropical vegetation and historic structures. Properties shall not be platted, re-platted or configured in any way that destroys a median, green space, landscape easement or road configuration that contributes to the character of the subdivision within the NCD-3 area. 3.3 Effect of district designation 3.4 Additional notice and review a. Additional notice required for Exception and Variance applications. All Coconut Grove neighborhood or homeowner associations that wish to receive a courtesy notice of Exception or Variance applications in their areas shall register the City Manager’s Office, or its designated City Department, on a yearly basis. Such registration shall consist of a letter to the Director of the Planning Department or to the Zoning Administrator, in which the association shall request such notification and shall specify the name, address and telephone number of the official representative of the association designated to receive said notice and a list of all the officers of said association. At the time of initial application for an Exception or Variance, the applicant shall obtain the list of all registered neighborhood and homeowner associations pertaining to the application in question from the Planning Director or the Zoning Administrator and shall notify in writing the official representative of all such registered associations in writing, by certified mail, of the application. The applicant shall submit with the application these certified receipts. If any such association have any comments or recommendations, such comments and recommendations shall be submitted in writing to the Planning Director or Zoning Administrator no later than fifteen (15) days from receipt of such notification. Late or misdelivered comments shall not be considered. b. All properties located within the Village Center shall be reviewed by the Coordinated Review Committee. 3.5 Coconut Grove Corridors The sub-districts are demarcated, traversed or connected by important corridors subject to their own unique characteristics and considerations. The Coconut Grove corridors are as follows and include the rights of way and the Lots immediately adjacent to the right of way: South Bayshore Drive Tigertail Drive S.W. 27th Avenue Bird Avenue MacDonald Street Main Highway Douglas Road Grand Avenue Le Jeune Road a. Improvements and new development on these corridors shall conform to the following pedestrian safety and comfort standards: 1. Where sidewalks exist, the pedestrian shall be buffered from vehicular traffic with streetscape elements and landscaping. 2. Uses to be developed on these corridors shall promote pedestrian activity, such as porches, loggias, windows, entries, plazas, and ground floor retail uses where permissible. 3. The number and dimensions of curb cuts and driveways shall be minimized to reduce the pedestrian/vehicular conflicts up to the minimum permissible by the controlling jurisdiction. 3.6 Single-Family Residential District The single family residential district is intended to protect the low density residential and dominant tree canopy characteristics of Coconut Grove and prevent the intrusion of additional

Where sidewalks exist, the pedestrian shall be buffered from vehicular traffic with streetscape elements and landscaping. 2. Uses to be developed on these corridors shall promote pedestrian activity, such as porches, loggias, windows, entries, plazas, and ground floor retail uses where permissible. 3. The number and dimensions of curb cuts and driveways shall be minimized to reduce the pedestrian/vehicular conflicts up to the minimum permissible by the controlling jurisdiction. 3.6 Single-Family Residential District The single family residential district is intended to protect the low density residential and dominant tree canopy characteristics of Coconut Grove and prevent the intrusion of additional density, uses, and height. All T3, Single-Family Residential zoning regulations shall apply within the Coconut Grove NCD-3 Single-Family Residential District, hereafter referred to as NCD-3, except as modified below. If any such requirements conflict, NCD-3 requirements shall apply. The effect of these NCD-3 regulations shall be to modify transect regulations included within the NCD boundaries to the extent indicated herein. a. Nothing in these regulations shall be construed as to prohibit additional structures or neighborhoods to become Historic Preservation Overlays. b. All demolition permits shall be referred to: c. The Environmental Resources Department for compliance with Chapter 17 of the City Coded, titled “Environmental Preservation,” as may be amended. 1. The Historic and Environmental Preservation Division for review of structures fifty (50) years or older.” 2. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 304/614 a. Adjacent lots or lots in the same subdivision under single ownership, or developed by a single builder or developer shall not employ the same, similar or duplicate architectural plans. Adjacent buildings under such conditions shall be substantially differentiated in massing, footprint, and exterior detailing. b. Front yards All front yards in the NCD-3 shall be designed in a way that minimizes the impact of garage fronts and off-street parking. Front yards shall provide a more permeable surface and use abundant landscaping and tree canopy throughout. c. Building Envelope For the purpose of this section, a building site shall be defined as one or more lots or portions of lots that are aggregated to form a single family residential site including vacant lots and all permissible accessory uses and structures. Building sites shall not include any portions of land under a different zoning transect. d. Height Height is limited to a maximum of twenty-five (25) feet measured to the midpoint between the eave and roof top and is measured from flood level or average sidewalk elevation, whichever is higher. In addition to the maximum height of twenty-five (25) feet measured to the mid-point of the roof top and eave, chimneys, cupolas or other non-habitable architectural features of twenty-five (25) square feet in area or less may reach a maximum height of thirty (30) feet or as required by the fire code. For Lots with less than ten thousand (10,000) square feet in area, the height limitation for accessory structures shall be thirteen (13) feet. e. Green Space The minimum green space requirement shall be three-tenths (0.3) times the

measured from flood level or average sidewalk elevation, whichever is higher. In addition to the maximum height of twenty-five (25) feet measured to the mid-point of the roof top and eave, chimneys, cupolas or other non-habitable architectural features of twenty-five (25) square feet in area or less may reach a maximum height of thirty (30) feet or as required by the fire code. For Lots with less than ten thousand (10,000) square feet in area, the height limitation for accessory structures shall be thirteen (13) feet. e. Green Space The minimum green space requirement shall be three-tenths (0.3) times the Lot area. The use of permeable material for surfaces in the required yard may allow a 25% reduction in the required green space. f. Permitted Accessory Uses and Structures Accessory uses and structures are as permitted in the underlying transect zone, except that detached garages or car shelters on lots ten thousand (10,000) square feet or larger may include a second story as long as the allowable floor lot ratio and building footprint are not exceeded. Said second story may only be used as an owner occupied accessory structure. Two-story accessory structures shall have the same setback requirements as specified for two-story principal buildings. g. Additional Limitations and requirements. 1. Lots and building sites: Wherever an existing single-family residence or lawful accessory building(s) or structure(s) is located on one or more platted lots or portions thereof, such lots shall thereafter constitute only one building site and no permit shall be issued for the construction of more than one single-family residence except by Warrant. Such structures shall include but not be limited to swimming pools, tennis courts, walls, and fences or other at grade or above ground improvements. No building sites in existence prior to September 24, 2005 shall be diminished in size except by Warrant, subject to the criteria specified in Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria. 2. Garages and Driveways: (a) On new construction or garage additions, no garage shall be located along the same front setback line as the front wall of a residential structure unless the garage door(s) does not face the street. Garage structures with access openings that face the street shall be set back a minimum of twenty (20) feet from the front wall of the principal residential structure. (b) Garage structures with access openings that face the street on corner lots which have a maximum depth of less than sixty (60) feet, may be set back a minimum of fifteen (15) feet from the front wall of the principal residential structure. (c) Notwithstanding the requirements of the Public Works Department, driveways shall have a maximum width of ten (10) feet within the first five (5) feet of all street-front required setbacks (d) Driveways within a single building site shall not be located closer than twenty-five (25) feet to each other. (e) Except as required for the driveway approach, no portion of any driveway in a required yard adjacent to a street shall be

a maximum depth of less than sixty (60) feet, may be set back a minimum of fifteen (15) feet from the front wall of the principal residential structure. (c) Notwithstanding the requirements of the Public Works Department, driveways shall have a maximum width of ten (10) feet within the first five (5) feet of all street-front required setbacks (d) Driveways within a single building site shall not be located closer than twenty-five (25) feet to each other. (e) Except as required for the driveway approach, no portion of any driveway in a required yard adjacent to a street shall be within five (5) feet of any property line other than as may be required to allow for turnaround maneuver, in which case said driveway shall be constructed of permeable material in its entirety. (f) Tandem parking shall be allowed. (g) Garage doors which are more than nine (9) feet wide shall not be allowed. 3. Fences: All fences located within any street-front setback area shall be covered from the public right-of-way view by plant material except when said fence is faced or constructed with oolitic limestone. 4. Landscaping: All landscape shall comply with the City’s landscape and tree protection ordinances. h. Single Family lots 1. Setbacks: (a) Principal Building: Setbacks are variable to allow for a variety in architecture and placement of the building footprint. Projections of buildings into required setbacks shall be permitted subject to the criteria and requirements specified herein. (1) Minimum Front Setbacks: The minimum front setback shall be thirty (30) feet. The structure may project a maximum of ten (10) feet into the minimum required setback of thirty (30) feet provided said projection does not exceed thirty (30) feet in width along the front of the building. Unenclosed porches, entries, or loggias 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 305/614 may project a maximum of fifteen (15) feet into the minimum required setback of thirty (30) feet. On corner lots the structure may project a maximum of fifteen (15) feet into the minimum required setback of thirty (30) feet. (2) Minimum Side Setbacks: The minimum side setback shall be five (5) feet, except for corner lots where the minimum side setback adjacent to the street shall be ten (10) feet. The minimum total side setbacks to be distributed shall be as established in the following table. TABLE INSET: (3) Minimum Rear Setbacks: The minimum rear setback shall be twenty (20) feet. (4) Accessory Buildings: The minimum side setbacks shall be ten (10) feet. The minimum rear setback shall be ten (10) feet. The maximum width of said connection shall be ten (10) feet i. Single Family Large Lot Residential designation. 1. Lot Size Minimum lot size is limited to ten thousand (10,000) square feet and the minimum lot width is limited to one hundred (100) feet in order to preserve the large lot suburban character of certain neighborhoods within Coconut Grove. 2. Limitations on yards All yards adjacent to South Bayshore Drive shall be a minimum of seventy

twenty (20) feet. (4) Accessory Buildings: The minimum side setbacks shall be ten (10) feet. The minimum rear setback shall be ten (10) feet. The maximum width of said connection shall be ten (10) feet i. Single Family Large Lot Residential designation. 1. Lot Size Minimum lot size is limited to ten thousand (10,000) square feet and the minimum lot width is limited to one hundred (100) feet in order to preserve the large lot suburban character of certain neighborhoods within Coconut Grove. 2. Limitations on yards All yards adjacent to South Bayshore Drive shall be a minimum of seventy (70) feet. j. Single Family Oversized Lot Residential designation. 1. Lot Size Minimum lot size shall be twenty thousand (20,000) square feet and minimum lot width shall be one hundred (100) feet. 2. Limitations on yards All yards adjacent to South Bayshore Drive shall be a minimum of seventy (70) feet. k. Single Family Estate Lot Residential designation. The intent of these regulations is to allow existing Estate Lots to be developed as single-family estates of a spacious character together with Botanical Gardens, private non-commercial recreational facilities and accompanying structures compatible with residential surroundings. This district is designed to protect and preserve the existing character of estates and allow the building of vacant land considered appropriate for such development in the future. 1. Lot Size Minimum lot size shall be one (1) acre (43,560 square feet) and a minimum lot width of one hundred (100) feet. 2. Limitations on yards All yards adjacent to South Bayshore Drive shall be a minimum of seventy (70) feet. Bay windows and balconies may project a maximum of three (3) feet into a yard setback. 3. Accessory Uses and Structures (a) Open awnings or trellises must meet the setback requirements and applicable open space and lot coverage requirements. These structures may not be converted to permanent additions if such conversion would increase the lot coverage of the principal structure above the allowed percentage. (b) Attached or unattached accessory structures include: private garages, swimming pools, cabanas, bedrooms, household staff cottage. Nothing contained in this section shall prohibit the construction of an enclosed accessory building containing bedrooms with bath facilities to be used in connection with and as a part of the primary residence within the building lines as provided in this section. (c) Accessory structures shall comply in all other aspects of the underlying single family residential (T3) district unless stated otherwise. Enclosed accessory buildings shall be used only for occupancy of nonpaying guests of the owners of the primary residence or bonafide members of the family or household staff, and no kitchen or cooking facilities shall be constructed or used therein except by approval by the Planning Director of a written agreement with the City stating that such accessory structure will be used only by family members or household staff. The property owner must execute Building Site Size in Square Feet Interior Lots First Story of Structure Interior Lots Second Story of Structure Corner

family residential (T3) district unless stated otherwise. Enclosed accessory buildings shall be used only for occupancy of nonpaying guests of the owners of the primary residence or bonafide members of the family or household staff, and no kitchen or cooking facilities shall be constructed or used therein except by approval by the Planning Director of a written agreement with the City stating that such accessory structure will be used only by family members or household staff. The property owner must execute Building Site Size in Square Feet Interior Lots First Story of Structure Interior Lots Second Story of Structure Corner Lots First Story of Structure Corner Lots Second Story of Structure Less than 7,500 10 feet 15 feet 15 feet 20 feet 7,500 -- 10,000 15 feet 25 feet 15 feet 25 feet More than 10,000 25 feet 35 feet 25 feet 35 feet 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 306/614 and record in the public records a Declaration of Restriction stating that the use of the site will be reserved for a single family residence. No accessory structure shall be used as or converted to a dwelling unit without the recorded Declaration of Restriction. Further, if any accessory structure and use is subdivided from the principal structure and use to which it is accessory or, alternately, if the principal structure is demolished or removed, the use of such accessory structure shall be terminated until a new principal structure and use is established on the lot on which the accessory structure and use is located. 4. Height Height is limited to two full stories from grade or minimum FEMA elevation as defined within this code. Height is measured to the bottom of the eave. Variations to the Height requirement may be allowed for skylights or solar panels not exceeding three (3) feet above the roof. Such structures shall not cover more than ten (10) percent of the roof structure. 5. Botanical Gardens A Botanical Garden is allowed by Exception. A Botanical Garden shall require a minimum of 5 acres and may also include the following: (a) Gift shop or bookstore area. Outdoor display of merchandise shall be limited to areas not visible from public streets (b) Garden maintenance area (c) Residential living units for visiting scholars (d) Offices to serve the Botanical Garden (e) Scientific research laboratory (f) Educational facilities including building for meeting and classrooms 3.7 Reserved for Coconut Grove NCD-3 (R-2) Two-Family Residential District 3.8 Reserved for Coconut Grove NCD-3 (R-3) Multifamily Medium-Density Residential District 3.9 Coconut Grove NCD-3 Commercial Districts a. Limitation: The square footage of individual retail establishments within Coconut Grove Corridors defined in 3.5, and in the Village Center sub-district as defined in 3.1, shall be limited to a maximum size of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet in total floor area used for retail and related services, except as may be modified below for “large-scale retail establishments.” Retail specialty centers as defined in City Code Sec. 4-2 located adjacent to Coconut Grove Corridors listed in 3.5,

NCD-3 (R-2) Two-Family Residential District 3.8 Reserved for Coconut Grove NCD-3 (R-3) Multifamily Medium-Density Residential District 3.9 Coconut Grove NCD-3 Commercial Districts a. Limitation: The square footage of individual retail establishments within Coconut Grove Corridors defined in 3.5, and in the Village Center sub-district as defined in 3.1, shall be limited to a maximum size of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet in total floor area used for retail and related services, except as may be modified below for “large-scale retail establishments.” Retail specialty centers as defined in City Code Sec. 4-2 located adjacent to Coconut Grove Corridors listed in 3.5, may be approved by a Warrant. Special event Class I permits are exempted from the limitations of this section. b. “Large-scale retail establishment” defined: A “large-scale retail establishment” is defined for the purposes of NCD-3 as a retail establishment or combination of commercial retail establishment(s), including membership establishments with any commercial retail use, of over twenty thousand (20,000) square feet in gross floor area. The gross floor area includes building gross floor area and ancillary outdoor storage or merchandise display areas. For the purposes of this definition, the floor area does not include motor vehicle parking or loading areas. For the purpose of determining the applicability of the twenty thousand (20,000) square feet of floor area, the aggregate square footage of all adjacent stores or retail tenants that share common check out stands or a controlling interest, or storage areas, shall be considered one establishment. c. Exception required for “large scale retail establishments.” A “large-scale retail establishment” within the Coconut Grove Corridors listed in 3.5 shall be permitted only by Exception. d. “Large scale grocery stores.” Retail establishments exclusively for the sale of groceries and not exceeding forty thousand (40,000) square feet located within the underlying T5 or T6 Transect Zones abutting US-1 (Federal Hwy.) may be permitted by Warrant. “Groceries” is defined as food products, dry groceries (such as household products and paper goods), and other items typically sold (such as meats, poultry, seafood, sushi, dairy products, frozen foods, fruits, vegetables, deli items, prepared foods, baked goods, health and beauty products, pharmaceuticals, and alcoholic beverages) or services commonly provided in a grocery store in Miami-Dade County. e. Site requirements: In addition to all requirements in the applicable zoning district, “large-scale retail establishments” must meet the following site criteria and limitations: 1. Maximum size of retail establishment The maximum size of any individual retail establishment within any Coconut Grove Corridor shall be seventy thousand (70,000) square feet. No individual retail establishment within a Large Scale Retail establishment shall be permitted which exceeds seventy thousand (70,000) square feet. 2. Minimum lot dimensions “large-scale retail establishments” may be permitted exclusively in lots having a minimum net area of two (2) acres. Properties which do not meet the two-acre size limitation shall be limited to individual establishments of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. 3. Minimum setbacks and build-to lines: Large Scale Retail establishments shall have the following minimum setbacks: (a) Any

of any individual retail establishment within any Coconut Grove Corridor shall be seventy thousand (70,000) square feet. No individual retail establishment within a Large Scale Retail establishment shall be permitted which exceeds seventy thousand (70,000) square feet. 2. Minimum lot dimensions “large-scale retail establishments” may be permitted exclusively in lots having a minimum net area of two (2) acres. Properties which do not meet the two-acre size limitation shall be limited to individual establishments of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. 3. Minimum setbacks and build-to lines: Large Scale Retail establishments shall have the following minimum setbacks: (a) Any front or side setback abutting a public right-of-way or non-residentially zoned property build-to line is twenty (20) feet. The area from the build-to line to the right-of-way line shall be used for permanent sidewalks with illumination, pedestrian amenities, or landscaping, except in areas as required for emergency access, or where driveway entrances are located. Landscaping in this setback area shall count toward the green space requirements. This area may not be used for parking or loading at any time. (b) Side or rear lot line abutting a residentially zoned property: setback is fifty (50) feet. The setback shall include a 20-foot heavily landscaped buffer area. If an access alley, parking, loading door, delivery area, or inventory storage area is present along this side of the property, then the setback area shall also include an eight-foot-high masonry wall inside of the 20-foot landscape buffer. 4. Building orientation and facades (a) Building facades and elevations shall be designed to minimize the visual impacts of the scale of the building. (b) Large-scale retail structures may be oriented with their entrances toward arterial or collector roadways as defined in the City Comprehensive Plan. (c) Any side with regular public ingress/egress point(s) is to be considered a front. Regular public ingress/egress to the building shall not be located facing 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 307/614 residential uses. There may be more than one (1) front. Front and side facade design shall include the following design features to minimize scale impacts and promote activated street frontages. (d) Building design variations at intervals no greater than fifty (50) feet. (e) Storefront windows, with interior spaces visible and lit from within at night, equal to at least fifty (50) percent of the linear length of ground-floor wall on building front elevations as defined herein. Window spacing should be such that no more than twenty (20) percent of the length of the wall may have an uninterrupted length without storefront windows. 5. Vehicular access Primary ingress and egress to the site must be provided from the arterial(s) and not from secondary roads or collectors and subject to the following: (a) Except as required for emergency access, vehicular driveways shall not be along local roadways as defined in the City Comprehensive Plan. (b) Except where required for emergency access or other compelling public safety reasons, vehicular driveways shall not be located within one hundred (100) feet of residentially-zoned land along

such that no more than twenty (20) percent of the length of the wall may have an uninterrupted length without storefront windows. 5. Vehicular access Primary ingress and egress to the site must be provided from the arterial(s) and not from secondary roads or collectors and subject to the following: (a) Except as required for emergency access, vehicular driveways shall not be along local roadways as defined in the City Comprehensive Plan. (b) Except where required for emergency access or other compelling public safety reasons, vehicular driveways shall not be located within one hundred (100) feet of residentially-zoned land along the same side of the street, as measured from the nearest point of the driveway. (c) Delivery vehicle access/egress shall be clearly defined in the site plan, and shall only be from arterial roadways, and located no less than one hundred (100) feet from residentially-zoned land along the same side of the street, as measured from the nearest point of the driveway. (d) Where large and bulk merchandise sales are expected, customer pick-up access/egress shall be clearly defined in the site plan, and shall only be from arterial roadways, and located no less than one hundred (100) feet from residentially-zoned land along the same side of the street, as measured from the nearest point of the driveway. 6. Parking and loading requirements (a) One (1) space per every two hundred (250) square feet of gross floor area shall be required for a “large-scale retail establishment.” All required parking must be provided onsite. (b) Along collector roads as defined by the City Comprehensive Plan, setback buffers, building design or other features shall screen parking such that no more than thirty (30) percent of the parking lot or facilities are visible from the roadway. (c) Along local roads as defined by the City Comprehensive Plan, setback buffers, building design or other features shall completely screen parking such that the parking lot or facilities are not visible from the roadway, except for distances as required by driveways or emergency access. (d) All loading and deliveries shall be adjacent to an arterial roadway. Said loading and delivery areas shall be screened from public view by an eight-foot wall. 7. Green space. A “large-scale retail establishment” shall implement landscaping in an area equal in size to, or greater than, fifteen (15) percent of the gross lot area. Landscaping shall be implemented generally so as to provide ample shade areas in the parking lot and abutting sidewalks and to minimize the visual impact of the structure and parking space on the streetscape. To this end, a landscape plan for the site shall be submitted to the Planning Department for review and approval by the Planning and Zoning Advisory Board as part of the required Exception. 8. Buffer: Wherever the property abuts another property with a more restrictive zoning designation, a “large-scale retail establishment” shall provide a twenty-foot wide heavily landscaped buffer. This buffer shall include Florida native trees at no less than fifteen (15) to twenty

provide ample shade areas in the parking lot and abutting sidewalks and to minimize the visual impact of the structure and parking space on the streetscape. To this end, a landscape plan for the site shall be submitted to the Planning Department for review and approval by the Planning and Zoning Advisory Board as part of the required Exception. 8. Buffer: Wherever the property abuts another property with a more restrictive zoning designation, a “large-scale retail establishment” shall provide a twenty-foot wide heavily landscaped buffer. This buffer shall include Florida native trees at no less than fifteen (15) to twenty (20) feet in height, with a diameter at breast height of no less than four (4) to five (5) inches spaced on 15-foot centers. Also included in this buffer shall be hedging and ground cover. This buffer shall be included in the required landscape plan. 9. Fences and walls: Fences and walls shall be erected to a minimum height of eight (8) feet wherever the property abuts another property with a more restrictive zoning designation. f. Location of “large-Scale Retail establishment”: A “large-scale retail establishment” shall be located exclusively on a lot having frontage on one (1) or more arterial roads. g. Hours of operation: Except for special events requiring Class I permits, a “large-scale retail establishment” shall open no earlier than 7:00 a.m. on weekends and 8:00 a.m. on weekdays and shall close no later than 11:00 p.m. on weekends and 10:00 p.m. on weekdays. Deliveries to or from any “large-scale retail establishment” shall be limited to the hours of 10:00 a.m. through 3:00 p.m. Monday through Saturday. h. Variances prohibited: No variances from the provisions set forth in the site requirements or hours of operation are permitted. A.4 Reserved. Coconut Grove NCD-3 Sub-District Architectural Guidelines Appendix B - Waterfront Design Guidelines AMENDMENTS TO MIAMI 21 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13235 11-18-2010 Minor and non-substantial modifications throughout the Code 10-00956zt 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 308/614 Section 1: Goals and Intent 1.1 Background In 1979, the City of Miami’s voters amended Section 3(mm)(ii) of the City Charter with the “Dan Paul Ordinance” which requires new Buildings to be set back from the water’s edge and to provide public access along Biscayne Bay and the Miami River. Section 3.11 of this Code titled “Waterfront Standards” further clarifies how public and private owners are required to build and maintain an approximate 25-foot Waterfront Walkway open to the public. This Appendix will provide guidelines and the Waterfront Materials Index will provide specifications to create a cohesive Riverwalk and Baywalk experience for those using the walkways. 1.2 Goals and General Principles Secton 2: Applicability and General Requirements 2.1 Applicability 2.2 General Requirements AMENDMENTS TO MIAMI 21 14016 07-22-2021 Waterfront Design Guidelines" of Miami 21 to allow flexibility for bay and river walkway design 9113 Guide the overall vision for completion of the Miami Riverwalk, Baywalk, and other trails to establish a system of pedestrian-oriented connected public spaces with an established identity

an approximate 25-foot Waterfront Walkway open to the public. This Appendix will provide guidelines and the Waterfront Materials Index will provide specifications to create a cohesive Riverwalk and Baywalk experience for those using the walkways. 1.2 Goals and General Principles Secton 2: Applicability and General Requirements 2.1 Applicability 2.2 General Requirements AMENDMENTS TO MIAMI 21 14016 07-22-2021 Waterfront Design Guidelines" of Miami 21 to allow flexibility for bay and river walkway design 9113 Guide the overall vision for completion of the Miami Riverwalk, Baywalk, and other trails to establish a system of pedestrian-oriented connected public spaces with an established identity and character. a. Create a more resilient waterfront which provides space and opportunities to accommodate potential flooding from both stormwater and sea-level rise through sustainable practices. b. Establish a vibrant, active, high-quality, linear open space system that celebrates the City’s waterfront identity and promotes civic art, educational, and cultural activities. c. Create a unified and continuous promenade experience along the City’s waterfront, through the integration of consistent design components and complementary publicly oriented improvements. d. Increase mobility options and connectivity to the adjacent neighborhoods linking civic institutions, parks, plazas, landmarks, greenways, and water-related activities and amenities. e. Establish and reinforce strong visual and physical connections towards the Miami Baywalk & Riverwalk showcasing the City’s ecology. f. Appendix B shall apply to all properties along Waterways as identified in Diagram 1 of Section 3.11 of this Code as well as those meeting criteria described in Section 3.11.b.1. a. Adaptively reused properties fronting Waterways that introduce new Residential, Lodging, Office, Recreational, or Commercial uses shall incorporate Waterfront walkways within the limits created by existing structures. b. Miami River greenways are required as an alternative path when industrial uses prevent waterfront pathways pursuant to the Waterfront Design Standards. c. The Planning Director, or designee, administers design guidelines and makes determinations regarding requests for deviations from standards pursuant to Section 3.11.b.6. d. Setbacks and dimensions are measured from the mean high-water line as defined by Florida Statute (typically the waterside face of a seawall). a. Waterfront walkways shall feel public and shall be open to public access during all times, but at a minimum shall remain open to the public between 6:00 A.M. through 10:00 P.M. b. The public should feel welcome and at ease to move along the entire length of the waterfront. No one should feel, or be made to feel, as if he or she is intruding on private property. c. Signage should clearly establish the public’s right to use the walkway. d. Waterfront walkways shall provide unobstructed visual access to the water. e. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 309/614 2.3 General Frontage Requirements 2.4 General Connection Requirements Waterfront walkways shall connect to abutting public walkways, parks, transit stops, thoroughfares, publicly-accessible midblock walkways, publicly accessible plazas, neighboring walkways, and other publicly-accessible Open Spaces to allow clear pedestrian circulation along the water’s edge. f. When waterfront setback requirements are reduced pursuant to Section 3.11.a. and sites are too narrow for full implementation

if he or she is intruding on private property. c. Signage should clearly establish the public’s right to use the walkway. d. Waterfront walkways shall provide unobstructed visual access to the water. e. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 309/614 2.3 General Frontage Requirements 2.4 General Connection Requirements Waterfront walkways shall connect to abutting public walkways, parks, transit stops, thoroughfares, publicly-accessible midblock walkways, publicly accessible plazas, neighboring walkways, and other publicly-accessible Open Spaces to allow clear pedestrian circulation along the water’s edge. f. When waterfront setback requirements are reduced pursuant to Section 3.11.a. and sites are too narrow for full implementation of design guidelines, priority is given to: g. Safety: by preserving the safety zone or providing an alternative safety barrier such as curb and railing. 1. Pedestrian circulation: by preserving the minimum 12-foot-wide circulation zone. 2. Pedestrian comfort: by providing shade for pedestrians. 3. Bulkheads / Seawalls shall be constructed pursuant to the requirements found in Chapter 29, Article III of the City Code including the ability to raise walls in the future. h. The top elevation of bulkheads, seawalls, or other barriers shall be pursuant to the requirements of Section 29-89 of the City Code except those fronting the Miami River which shall be set in accordance with Section 54-46(2) of the City Code. i. Natural / Living Shorelines j. Walkways along a natural shoreline or rip rap shoreline may be set back from the edge of the shoreline and meander within the waterfront setback area. 1. Areas with natural shorelines must transition to adjacent properties in elevation and alignment to comply with circulation standards in Appendix B, Section 3.3. 2. Properties with natural shorelines must provide flood protection equivalent to requirements in Chapter 29, Article III of the City Code via berm, wall, or similar elements to protect rights of way and adjacent properties from flooding. Flood barriers may be setback from the shoreline if the natural area may safely accommodate flooding. 3. In efforts to provide more natural elements and better integration of Civic Space design and programming for Waterfront walkways into CS and T1 Transect Zones and properties that volunteer to participate in the Waterfront Edge Design Guideline (“WEDG”) program, standards may be adjusted by process of Waiver but shall not diminish the Circulation Zone identified within Section 3 with clear path no less than fifteen (15) feet in total width provided. Nor shall WEDG participation negate the requirements of Chapter 29 of the City Code to protect neighboring properties or public right-of-ways from flooding. k. WEDG is a credit system and series of guidelines beyond Appendix B, which are the result of a collaboration between government agencies, not-for- profit organizations, technical experts, and other waterfront stakeholders. This is a tool to guide and enhance projects on a voluntary basis. WEDG distills the complexities of waterfront science, engineering, and social engagement into comprehensive and easy to communicate design concepts and best practices. Where appropriate, new Developments may participate in the WEDG program to receive project certification

negate the requirements of Chapter 29 of the City Code to protect neighboring properties or public right-of-ways from flooding. k. WEDG is a credit system and series of guidelines beyond Appendix B, which are the result of a collaboration between government agencies, not-for- profit organizations, technical experts, and other waterfront stakeholders. This is a tool to guide and enhance projects on a voluntary basis. WEDG distills the complexities of waterfront science, engineering, and social engagement into comprehensive and easy to communicate design concepts and best practices. Where appropriate, new Developments may participate in the WEDG program to receive project certification that accomplishes waterfront resiliency, ecology, and accessibility beyond the standards required within Appendix B. 1. Waterfronts shall be Primary Frontages with parking, non-habitable structures, utilities, service, and loading areas screened from the walkway pursuant to Section 3.3 of the Miami 21 Code. However, Facades may be set back from the waterfront Principal Frontage line when there is an active use adjacent to the walkway. a. For adjacent uses that serve the public (i.e. restaurants, shops, hotels, entertainment, etc.), the provision of wide, visible, and easy pedestrian access to the waterfront shall be required. b. Security to limit public access to private property outside the Waterfront walkway footprint may be provided by fences, grade changes, or retaining walls. All fences, walls, and grade changes shall be buffered by landscaped elements or artistic treatments approved by the Planning Director to reduce negative visual impacts on walkways but shall not screen the waterfront from adjacent active uses. c. Pursuant to Section 3.11.a.3 of the Miami 21 Code, Side Setbacks shall be equal in aggregate to twenty-five percent (25%) to allow public access to the Waterfront. a. Consistent with Sections 5.5.1 and 5.6.1 of the Miami 21 Code, connections shall be a maximum of 340’ apart when access to a public path or Thoroughfare is possible. b. Connections through private property shall be a Civic Space Type pursuant to Article 4, Table 7 of the Miami 21 Code, though pedestrian passages may be as narrow as ten (10) feet. c. Connections may substitute a combined passenger vehicle and pedestrian access point for the Civic Space type with the following conditions: d. No vehicular access shall be permitted within the required building setback area for all properties except those located in a D3 Transect Zone. 1. A minimum 10’ wide contiguous pedestrian-only path from the right-of-way to the Waterfront walkway is provided in addition to the vehicular path. 2. The connection shall have frequent doors and windows. 3. Connections shall use signage, hardscape, and plant material consistent with Waterfront Materials Index or equivalents approved by the Planning Director. e. Properties abutting a Thoroughfare or Public Frontage (i.e. a bridge or street) shall coordinate with the appropriate agencies regarding improvements and connections to Waterfront walkways required on those properties. f. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 310/614 Section 3: Zones 3.1 General Walkway typologies are composed of zones including Seawall Zone, Safety Buffer Zone, Circulation Zone, and

right-of-way to the Waterfront walkway is provided in addition to the vehicular path. 2. The connection shall have frequent doors and windows. 3. Connections shall use signage, hardscape, and plant material consistent with Waterfront Materials Index or equivalents approved by the Planning Director. e. Properties abutting a Thoroughfare or Public Frontage (i.e. a bridge or street) shall coordinate with the appropriate agencies regarding improvements and connections to Waterfront walkways required on those properties. f. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 310/614 Section 3: Zones 3.1 General Walkway typologies are composed of zones including Seawall Zone, Safety Buffer Zone, Circulation Zone, and Passive Zone. Each individual zone shall serve its specific role as described within this Section. 3.2 Seawall Zone 1: Seawall cap and safety buffer zone with hardscape installation, (planting is also permitted). 3.3 Safety Buffer Zone - Area adjacent to the seawall. 3.4 Circulation Zone – Unobstructed linear pedestrian walkways. Thoroughfares that terminate on the water’s edge should be improved as a Play Street, maintaining View Corridors and creating direct connections between the walkways and the Thoroughfare network pursuant to Section 35-5 of the City Code and Article 4, Table 7.k of the Miami 21 Code. g. The top of the bulkhead / seawall shall be at a constant elevation for the length of the waterfront. a. The top of bulkheads / seawalls shall be a minimum of eighteen (18) inches and a maximum of twenty-four (24) inches in width. b. Safety ladders of marine grade stainless steel or aluminum shall be placed a maximum of 100 feet apart along the face of the bulkhead / seawall to allow for climbing out of the water at low tide. c. The inside edge of the seawall / bulkhead shall be beveled pursuant to the illustration below. d. The top of the seawall / bulkhead shall be designed pursuant to selected typology in Appendix B, Section 4. e. Vertical flexibility which improves access to the water for purposes of providing boat or kayak launching or access is possible pursuant to the provisions in Appendix B, Section 5. f. Bulkheads / seawalls shall meet all requirements consistent with Chapter 29, Article III and Section 54-46 (2) of the City Code. g. Deviations to the requirements may be granted by the Director of the Department of Resilience and Public Works pursuant to the requirements in Chapter 29 of the City Code. h. The Safety Buffer Zone shall be designed in accordance with the selected typology. a. The surface of the Safety Buffer Zone shall be 6” minimum below the top of bulkhead / seawall. b. Paving within the Safety Buffer Zone shall be river rock, approximately 0.75 to 1.5 inches in diameter, set in concrete leaving a relief of 0.25 to 0.5 inches or similar aggregate pavers with ADA domes. c. Planting beds shall be a minimum five (5) feet wide with trees or palms planted at grade and low-level plantings provided at the base of the trees or palms. d. Planting beds may

Buffer Zone shall be designed in accordance with the selected typology. a. The surface of the Safety Buffer Zone shall be 6” minimum below the top of bulkhead / seawall. b. Paving within the Safety Buffer Zone shall be river rock, approximately 0.75 to 1.5 inches in diameter, set in concrete leaving a relief of 0.25 to 0.5 inches or similar aggregate pavers with ADA domes. c. Planting beds shall be a minimum five (5) feet wide with trees or palms planted at grade and low-level plantings provided at the base of the trees or palms. d. Planting beds may be narrower (minimum three (3) feet wide) if permeable pavers provide air and water to soil. e. In areas between the planting beds, a minimum of three (3) feet wide uniform exposed aggregate of river rock textured surface shall be provided. f. Landscape lighting shall be provided to accentuate trees or palms in this area. g. Low-level lighting (i.e. bollard, wall, or furnishing mounted) within the area adjacent to the Circulation Zone shall be installed to provide pedestrian / pathway lighting. h. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 311/614 3.5 Transition/Passive Zone – Area interspersed with shade trees, low level plantings, seating, lighting, and other furnishings. Section 4: Walkway Typologies This Section presents guidelines for how promenade design components such as circulation paths, lighting, planting, public art, water access, and seating can be configured to provide continuous circulation, create a unified identity while promoting diversity of experience. Walkway typologies are intended to allow flexibility in spatial configurations, reflecting, and adapting to adjacent conditions along the seawall, shoreline, public open space, and private development. Spacing regarding furnishings and landscape may either be at maximums shown in illustrations or based on performance and utility as described in Sections 6 and 7. The promenade shall have the following configurations: 4.1. Typology 1: Central Walk Where the walk is framed by landscape elements. The circulation zone shall be designed in accordance with typologies shown in Appendix B, Section 4. a. The circulation zone shall be constructed of non-slip paving materials with high aesthetic appearance and structural qualities pursuant to Appendix B, Section 6.3. b. The walkway surface shall be accessible to disabled persons throughout the entire length of the waterfront and comply with ADA standards. c. The walkway may meander along the shoreline; however, all offsets in the alignment of the walkway shall not exceed ten (10) feet and be spaced not less than fifty (50) feet apart pursuant to Appendix B, Section 5. d. Obstructions to movement (trees, bollards, lighting, etc.) within the circulation zone shall not reduce the clear width of the walkway to less than fifteen (15) feet at any point except in Typology 5 and Typology 6, where each walkway may be reduced to no less than eight (8) feet. e. The transition/passive zone shall be designed in accordance with the selected typology. a. Accessories such as benches, trash receptacles, bicycle racks, drinking fountains, pedestrian scale light poles and landscape lighting,

ten (10) feet and be spaced not less than fifty (50) feet apart pursuant to Appendix B, Section 5. d. Obstructions to movement (trees, bollards, lighting, etc.) within the circulation zone shall not reduce the clear width of the walkway to less than fifteen (15) feet at any point except in Typology 5 and Typology 6, where each walkway may be reduced to no less than eight (8) feet. e. The transition/passive zone shall be designed in accordance with the selected typology. a. Accessories such as benches, trash receptacles, bicycle racks, drinking fountains, pedestrian scale light poles and landscape lighting, drinking fountains, etc. shall be confined to the passive zone. b. Accessories shall be located so that no elements shall impede the circulation zone when in use i.e. benches shall be set back to accommodate users’ limbs and bike racks located that attached bicycles do not obstruct circulation. c. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 312/614 4.2. Typology 2: Outside Walk with Bioswale Same as Typology 1 with bioswale in place of detectable river rock. 4.3. Typology 3: Inside Walk Where the open or green space is adjacent to the water and the walk is on the opposite side. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 313/614 4.4. Typology 4: Meandering Walk A combination of the typologies where the main pedestrian path meanders away from the water and back towards it repetitively. (Overall walkway dimensions remain twenty-five feet (25’). 4.5. Typology 5: Split Walk The walk is split into two and green space is in the center to allow for bikers and pedestrians to be separate or to create two different experiences: one facing the water and one facing the City. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 314/614 4.6. Typology 6: Split Walk with Bioswale Same as Typology 5 with a bioswale in place of detectable river rock. 4.7. Typology 7: Amenity Walk Similar to the Central Walk where the detectable river rock has been removed and the seawall has been raised to create a seating bench. Additional seating shall be provided in the form of half donut stone benches wrapping palm trees every fifty feet (50’). 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 315/614 4.8 Typology 8: On-Street Greenway layout On-Street Greenway layout shall create enhanced paths between waterfront segments. 1: Typical cross section for sixty feet (60') wide right of way. Sidewalks on the waterside shall be a minimum of eight feet (8’) clear and shall be broom-finished with integral colored concrete LM Scofield C-12 (Mesa Beige) or approved equivalent. a. Sidewalks on the waterside should meet minimum standards to qualify as an FDOT standard shared-use path whenever space permits. b. Street furnishings c. Lighting: FPL decorative package 1. Benches: Landscape Forms Plainwell bench or approved equivalent with Greenway custom medallion with a minimum of one (1) bench per block on both sides of the street. 2. Trash receptacles: Landscape Forms Plainwell receptacle or approved equivalent with a minimum of two (2) per intersection. 3. Bicycle rack: Landscape Forms Pi rack or approved equivalent

and shall be broom-finished with integral colored concrete LM Scofield C-12 (Mesa Beige) or approved equivalent. a. Sidewalks on the waterside should meet minimum standards to qualify as an FDOT standard shared-use path whenever space permits. b. Street furnishings c. Lighting: FPL decorative package 1. Benches: Landscape Forms Plainwell bench or approved equivalent with Greenway custom medallion with a minimum of one (1) bench per block on both sides of the street. 2. Trash receptacles: Landscape Forms Plainwell receptacle or approved equivalent with a minimum of two (2) per intersection. 3. Bicycle rack: Landscape Forms Pi rack or approved equivalent at a five hundred feet (500’) minimum spacing. 4. Signage per the Design Standards. 5. Landscape d. Shall be a continuous verge with continuous shade trees except at intersections where palms are permitted. 1. Landscape verge shall be seven feet (7’) wide except when interrupted to allow for street furnishings or pedestrian access to crosswalks. 2. Crosswalks on watersides connecting to Greenway shall incorporate colored concrete crosswalks, accent planting at corners, and wayfinding markers on the greenway side. e. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 316/614 2: Typical cross section for fifty feet (50') wide right of way. 3: Typical cross section for forty foot (40') wide rights of way. Section 5: Transitions Section 5.1 Horizontal Transitions between Typologies Transition areas will be eight (8) to fifteen (15) feet wide where the width of the transition area (A) is equal to the width of the connecting path (B). See graphic below for transition types between the promenade typologies. New sections of the path shall transition seamlessly with existing sections, this may be achieved through a variety of design configurations, maintaining a continuous circulation path. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 317/614 1: Examples of horizontal transitions between Typologies. Section 5.2 Vertical Transitions Upland vertical transitions are permitted to aid circulation and visual connection between properties with high finished floor levels due to flood conditions and the public waterfront walkway. a. Generally, vertical transitions may take place by having different zones at differing elevations and may have gradual grade changes along the path of travel to ease transitions from properties to the waterfront. b. The Safety Buffer Zone must be lower than seawall to function as a curb. 1. The Circulation Zones or Zone edges may be higher or lower than adjacent zones. 2. The Circulation Zone Path may slope in direction of travel but may not be so steep as to qualify as a ramp pursuant to ADA guidelines a. The Passive Zone may be higher than the Circulation Zone. 3. Seating walls and retaining walls are permitted though the Passive Zone must screen vertical portions of the private property. a. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 318/614 The Passive Zone may slope but may not drain onto circulation zones. 2: Example of vertical transitions between and within zones which may be applied to all Typologies. b. Waterside vertical transitions are appropriate to improve access to the water. c. Penetrations through a seawall

travel but may not be so steep as to qualify as a ramp pursuant to ADA guidelines a. The Passive Zone may be higher than the Circulation Zone. 3. Seating walls and retaining walls are permitted though the Passive Zone must screen vertical portions of the private property. a. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 318/614 The Passive Zone may slope but may not drain onto circulation zones. 2: Example of vertical transitions between and within zones which may be applied to all Typologies. b. Waterside vertical transitions are appropriate to improve access to the water. c. Penetrations through a seawall to accommodate boat access may occur if they are protected by deployable flood barriers and a barrier operations and storage plan are provided. 1. Public vessel access or launch points may be provided with multiple typologies. All materials at lower portions shall be anchored and flood resistant. 2. When Typologies 6 and 7 are used, a portion of the Circulation Zone may be lower to improve water access. 3. Circulation zones shall be maintained with clear width and Public access. a. ADA compliant access shall be maintained including multiple ramps when appropriate. b. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 319/614 3:Example of Type 6 or 7 pathways with split elevations. 4: Example of vessel access level. Section 6: Landscape Elements 6.1 General Requirements Landscaped areas should be landscaped with plant materials listed in the Waterfront Materials Index. Shade trees are required within the Passive Zone and may also be planted along the Safety Buffer Zone in lieu of palms to create an allée of trees. Shrubs, low shrubs, and groundcovers (low level plantings) should be planted at the base of trees and palms to enhance waterfront walkway aesthetics and to help buffer the walkway perimeters. a. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 320/614 6.2 Tree and Palm Requirements Landscape elements shall not obstruct pedestrian circulation paths. b. Landscape design shall provide a consistent selection of landscape elements to unify the visual experience and contribute to the waterfront’s ecological character c. No planting material shall be used that is classified as prohibited, controlled, or invasive by either State, County, or Local agencies. d. All planting areas shall have low-water use/high efficiency irrigation systems, such as drip irrigation, low-trajectory irrigation nozzles, automatic shut-offs, and equipped with soil moisture and/or rain sensors to regulate water use pursuant to the requirements set forth in Section 22.5-75 of the City Code, Miami-Dade County regulations, or South Florida Water Management District regulations, whichever is most restrictive. e. Raised planters, if used, and all planter walls may double as seating walls when greater than fifteen (15) and less than thirty (30) inches in height above adjacent surface and greater than fifteen (15) inches in depth. f. Trees and palms shall be installed within the Passive and Safety Zones pursuant to the selected typology. a. Trees and Palms shall provide a minimum of fifty percent (50%) immediate shade coverage with one hundred (100%) shade coverage within five (5) years. b.

of the City Code, Miami-Dade County regulations, or South Florida Water Management District regulations, whichever is most restrictive. e. Raised planters, if used, and all planter walls may double as seating walls when greater than fifteen (15) and less than thirty (30) inches in height above adjacent surface and greater than fifteen (15) inches in depth. f. Trees and palms shall be installed within the Passive and Safety Zones pursuant to the selected typology. a. Trees and Palms shall provide a minimum of fifty percent (50%) immediate shade coverage with one hundred (100%) shade coverage within five (5) years. b. Trees and palms shall be planted to establish a unified canopy for visual unity and pedestrian comfort. c. Trees and palms shall be a minimum of fourteen feet (14’) in height and have a minimum of nine feet (9’) clear trunk at installation. d. Tree and palm selection shall be confined to the list in the Waterfront Materials Index and ninety percent (90%) of total quantity of trees and palms used shall be native or fifty percent (50%) of total trees and palms used shall be native if using Coconut Palms. e. If one hundred (100%) shade coverage is demonstrated via diagrams, flexibility regarding tree and palms spacing is permitted. f. Trees and palms shall be selected for their proven resiliency, particularly for high wind and salt tolerance. g. Large canopy shade trees and palm trees shall take priority over waterfront views between ten (10) and forty (40) feet above the seawall elevation. h. Avoid trees and palms with known pests and diseases that increase pesticide requirements. i. At grade planters for medium to large trees shall be a minimum of sixty (60) square feet with a minimum width dimension of five (5) feet. j. At grade planters for palms and small trees shall be a minimum of thirty (30) square feet with a minimum width dimension of four (4) feet. k. Provide adequate root zone space for trees. l. Root zones must have uncompacted soil with access to air and water. 1. Either planting beds or porous pavements allow access to air and water. 2. Provide uncompacted soil volume in the following volumes: 3. Mature Tree Size Soil Volume (max. depth of 3.5') SMALL - Height: <30' 300 ft MEDIUM - Height or Spread: >30' and <50' 1,200 ft LARGE - Height or Spread: >50' 1,800 ft When soil is shared between trees 25% reduction allowed 3 3 3 When root zones are under paving, paving must be supported to allow for uncompacted soil. 4. Custom support systems, structural soils, or suspended systems may support paving. a. Support system components do not apply to soil volume calculation (i.e., structural portion of structural soil or suspension system components). b. Structural Cells shall be provided under paving when large trees are specified in planters less than 100 square feet and further than twelve (12) feet from adjacent, continuous green space areas. m. Root barriers shall be installed at pavement edges where

is shared between trees 25% reduction allowed 3 3 3 When root zones are under paving, paving must be supported to allow for uncompacted soil. 4. Custom support systems, structural soils, or suspended systems may support paving. a. Support system components do not apply to soil volume calculation (i.e., structural portion of structural soil or suspension system components). b. Structural Cells shall be provided under paving when large trees are specified in planters less than 100 square feet and further than twelve (12) feet from adjacent, continuous green space areas. m. Root barriers shall be installed at pavement edges where large trees and palms are specified. n. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 321/614 6.3 Shrubs, Ground Cover, Mulch, and Soil Requirements Section 7: Hardscape Elements 7.1 Hardscape Shrubs and groundcover selection shall be planted to establish visual unit and accentuate water views. a. Landscape elements shall be installed within the Passive and Safety Zones pursuant to the selected typology. b. Shrubs and groundcover selection shall consist of a minimum of eighty percent (80%) native species and be salt and drought-tolerant pursuant to the list in the Waterfront Materials Index. c. Salt-tolerant turf shall be provided in areas intended for recreation or gathering. d. All planting beds shall be covered with a minimum of three inches (3”) of shredded Melaleuca, Grade B, or eucalyptus mulch. Cypress mulch shall not be permitted. e. Planting soil shall be pursuant to the Waterfront Materials Index. f. Minimum Vegetated Area g. Typology 1: 24% 1. Typology 2: 30% 2. Typology 3: 38% 3. Typology 4: 35% 4. Typology 5: 20% 5. Typology 6: 30% 6. Typology 7: 30% 7. Hardscape shall create a unified visual and tactile feel throughout the walkway with seamless transitions between properties. a. Hardscape materials shall primarily include materials commonly used in marine environments such as concrete pavers, stone pavers, and river rock consistent with the Waterfront Materials Index. b. Hardscape materials should utilize neutral colors, primarily gray and sand with natural aggregates, such as marble chips and seashells. c. Permeable Hardscape materials shall be used to reduce stormwater utility infrastructure and promote the filtration and collection of stormwater consistent with the Waterfront Materials Index. d. Hardscape should have a low reflectance albedo (minimum 0.3 factor) to reduce glare and heat absorption to decrease the heat-island effect. e. Concrete with salt finish or shell aggregate should be used in steps adjacent to the water. f. Hardscape shall be laid in a running bond pattern for pedestrian areas and herringbone in areas where vehicular use is required for emergency access. g. River rock, mortared, shall be used as a detectable paver for the waterfront edge and around benches for protection against skateboards, consistent with the selected typology. h. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 322/614 Section 8: Furnishing Elements 8.1 Lighting 8.2 Seating 8.3 Amenities 8.4 Signage Section 9: Maintenance In proposed playground areas, poured-in-place rubberized play surface and artificial turf may be utilized. i. Lighting shall be provided in accordance with the

to the water. f. Hardscape shall be laid in a running bond pattern for pedestrian areas and herringbone in areas where vehicular use is required for emergency access. g. River rock, mortared, shall be used as a detectable paver for the waterfront edge and around benches for protection against skateboards, consistent with the selected typology. h. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 322/614 Section 8: Furnishing Elements 8.1 Lighting 8.2 Seating 8.3 Amenities 8.4 Signage Section 9: Maintenance In proposed playground areas, poured-in-place rubberized play surface and artificial turf may be utilized. i. Lighting shall be provided in accordance with the selected typology and shall attain safe and appropriate foot-candle necessary for pedestrian mobility, consistent with the Waterfront Materials Index. a. All proposed lighting elements shall be consistent with the fixture design specifications in the Waterfront Materials Index. b. Overhead lighting shall be confined to the zone identified by the proposed typology. c. Landscape up-lighting shall be provided to accentuate trees, palms, and other landscape elements. d. Seating shall be confined to the Passive and Safety Zones pursuant to the selected typology. a. Seating materials shall be consistent with the Waterfront Materials Index fixture design specifications and may be provided through a variety of movable, fixed, seat/retaining walls or terraced steps. b. Seating shall be provided at a minimum of one (1) linear foot of seating for every twenty (20) feet of Frontage along the water. c. Distance between seating shall be no greater than fifty (50) feet or as identified pursuant to the typology. d. All seating areas shall emphasize direct water views. e. Bicycle parking shall be provided at a minimum of one (1) space per every one hundred (100) feet of frontage and shall be consistent with the Appendix in the Waterfront Materials Index and may be waived if similar facilities are already provided within the vicinity. a. Water fountains may be provided and shall be consistent with the fixture design standards in the Waterfront Materials Index and may be waived if similar facilities are already provided within the vicinity. b. Waste receptacles shall be provided at a minimum of one (1) per every one hundred fifty (150) feet of frontage and shall be consistent with the fixture design standards in the Waterfront Materials Index and may be waived if similar facilities are already provided within the vicinity. Waste receptacles are selected with rain covers and removable liners to conceal waste and allow for easy maintenance. Provide separate, labeled waste receptacles for garbage and recycling. Receptacles are to be emptied and maintained by the property owner. c. All public access points, including park walkways, roadways, dedicated midblock walks, and public plazas shall be marked with a District Flag Directional Sign consistent with the signage standards of the Waterfront Materials Index. a. District Identity Sign shall be placed at property midpoint consistent with the signage standards of the Waterfront Materials Index. b. Adjacent accessible publicly oriented private developments such as cafes or shops shall identify the use with signage

to conceal waste and allow for easy maintenance. Provide separate, labeled waste receptacles for garbage and recycling. Receptacles are to be emptied and maintained by the property owner. c. All public access points, including park walkways, roadways, dedicated midblock walks, and public plazas shall be marked with a District Flag Directional Sign consistent with the signage standards of the Waterfront Materials Index. a. District Identity Sign shall be placed at property midpoint consistent with the signage standards of the Waterfront Materials Index. b. Adjacent accessible publicly oriented private developments such as cafes or shops shall identify the use with signage oriented towards the waterfront walkway. c. Uniformly designed historic or environmental markers and descriptive plaques shall be placed in the Passive Zone. d. Signage shall identify access points and adjacent activities (cafes, shops, etc.) for boaters. e. Signage shall not be placed within the Circulation Zone. f. Refer to Waterfront Materials Index signage standards for full logo usage guidelines. g. In addition to maintenance standards required in Chapters 2, 10, and 22 of the City Code, the property owner and their successors or assignees shall be responsible for the continued maintenance of all landscape, hardscape, and furnishing elements, as provided in the approved site plans and/or approved landscape plans. a. Landscape shall be maintained to the following standards: b. The owner shall be responsible for maintenance and replacement of trees to maintain one hundred percent (100%) shade coverage over the long-term. 1. Landscape may not impede navigable waters and vegetation and must be trimmed accordingly. 2. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 323/614 Appendix C - Midtown Overlay District SD-27.1 Midtown Miami East Special District The objective of this District is to promote neighborhood redevelopment through medium to high density mixed use development. Due to intensity of infill development and redevelopment in the SD-27 Districts, population and the overall level of commercial and retail activity will greatly increase. Combined with the proximity of the SD-27 Districts to downtown and other revitalizing neighborhoods, conve- nient and reliable transportation along the Midtown Miami Special District can connect the neighborhoods, jobs, residences and activity centers and expand greater revitalization. The character of the district is to include a wide range of pedestrian oriented activities that would facilitate a vibrant mixed-use community setting, permitting the development of flexible live-work spaces as determined by market forces, including mixed-use loft development. Ground level activities and uses with strong pedestrian orientation are mandated to front streets to generate a lively pedestrian street life. The District is intended for medium scale projects of diverse architectural design. Buildings will be restricted as to height, setbacks, and will require habitable uses for portions of the building closest to the street. Unified landscaping, paving, street furniture, storefront design, signage and building facade guidelines, as well as incentives that would allow for the rehabilitation of significant historic resources. For the purpose of the SD 27, the following definitions shall apply: Active Uses: The principle component of the SD-27 district is ground floor active

strong pedestrian orientation are mandated to front streets to generate a lively pedestrian street life. The District is intended for medium scale projects of diverse architectural design. Buildings will be restricted as to height, setbacks, and will require habitable uses for portions of the building closest to the street. Unified landscaping, paving, street furniture, storefront design, signage and building facade guidelines, as well as incentives that would allow for the rehabilitation of significant historic resources. For the purpose of the SD 27, the following definitions shall apply: Active Uses: The principle component of the SD-27 district is ground floor active uses which promote pedestrian activity. An active use is any use that provides a public entrance from the street with an interior use that serves the general public. This may include retail, office, educational facilities, entertainment, and live-work. Big-Box retail is defined as a single retail store comprised of at least twenty thousand (20,000) square feet. Build-To Line: An alignment established a certain distance from the base building line to a line along which a building shall be constructed. Build-to dimensions are established in Sections 627.1.7 and 627.1.8 for each street frontage and require that primary building frontages (excluding colonnades, arcades and awnings) be constructed at the dimension provided for a minimum of x (x) percent of the lineal building frontage. Pursuant to Sections 627.1.7 and 627.1.8, colonnades and arcades may encroach the specified build-to line provided a minimum unobstructed pedestrian space of five (5) feet is provided. Colonnades and arcades shall not encroach upon the base building line. Furthermore, Build-To lines are subject to compliance with the City of Miami Vision Clearance requirements of Article 908. In no case shall grass clippings, vegetative material, or vegetative debris be washed, swept, or blown off into stormwater drains, ditches, conveyances, water bodies, wetlands, sidewalks, or roadways. Any material that is accidentally so deposited shall be immediately removed to the maximum extent practicable as required by Section 22.5-138 of the City Code. 3. No fertilizer is permitted pursuant to Section 22.5-134 of the City Code.” 4. AMENDMENTS TO MIAMI 21 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13235 11-18-2010 Minor and non-substantial modifications throughout the Code 10-00956zt 14051 2-10-2022 Height/Number of Stories may change as permitted under Miami 21 Transect Zone if designated as a Gateway 1 14156 03-09-2023 Amendment to Building Placement and Buildable Area, Surface Parking and Parking Garages, and Table Titled Maximum Height, Build-To, Minimum Setback and Use Requirements 12839 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 324/614 Gateway: The SD-27 District promotes the design of buildings as gateway structures by providing greater allowable height at strategic street intersections within the district. The gateway sites shall be as follows: 1. The Southeast corner of the intersection of North Miami Avenue and Northeast 36th Street; 2. The Southwest corner of the intersection of Northeast 36th Street and Northeast 2nd Avenue: and 3. The Southeast corner of the intersection of Northeast 34th Street and Northeast 1st Place. Liner Uses: Building uses that serve to

Titled Maximum Height, Build-To, Minimum Setback and Use Requirements 12839 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 324/614 Gateway: The SD-27 District promotes the design of buildings as gateway structures by providing greater allowable height at strategic street intersections within the district. The gateway sites shall be as follows: 1. The Southeast corner of the intersection of North Miami Avenue and Northeast 36th Street; 2. The Southwest corner of the intersection of Northeast 36th Street and Northeast 2nd Avenue: and 3. The Southeast corner of the intersection of Northeast 34th Street and Northeast 1st Place. Liner Uses: Building uses that serve to conceal uses such as parking garages and service areas. When liner uses contain ground floor space, such space shall be designed to accommodate retail and/or other uses that promote pedestrian traffic and shall have entrances directly accessible from a public sidewalk or open space. Live-work: Live-work describes residential units that have a commercial and/or office component accessed through an external street entrance. The intent of this use is to provide efficient housing with the opportunity for workspace that can contribute active uses at the ground floor. Home occupations pursuant to the provisions of 906.5.2 shall also qualify as live-work, except that additional parking, defined in 906.5.2.f. shall not be required. Mixed Use: The SD-27 District promotes multiple uses within the same lot and on adjoining lots by permitting multiple principal uses within the underlying district. A mixed use building or parcel exists when there is more than one use and must include a combination of residential, retail, office, and/or live-work use. Specifically excluded from the definition of Mixed Use is a building of only residential and/or live work uses. The accessory or secondary use of a Mixed Use building shall be a minimum of ten (10) percent of the total floor area of the building. For the purposes of calculating mixed uses, live-work uses shall be allowed to count towards residential or commercial uses, but shall not be allowed to count towards more than one use. Open Space: Any parcel of land or water, excluding public right of way, that is at ground level or open to the sky and designed and intended for the common use of the residents, tenant and the general public and may include parks, linear parks, plazas, and landscape areas. Additionally, canopy trees and large palms planted within pedestrian zones of the public right-of-way in accordance with the design standards shall respectively each count as four hundred (400) square feet and one hundred seventy-five (175) square feet of open space. Open Space is substantially free of structures other than structures that contribute to the common use of the space. Smart Growth: Planning techniques founded upon and promoting any or all of the following principles: 1. Using land resources more efficiently through compact building forms, infill development, and moderation in street and parking standards in order to lessen land consumption and preserve natural resources and promote multi-modal transportation; 2. Supporting the location of stores, offices, residences,

accordance with the design standards shall respectively each count as four hundred (400) square feet and one hundred seventy-five (175) square feet of open space. Open Space is substantially free of structures other than structures that contribute to the common use of the space. Smart Growth: Planning techniques founded upon and promoting any or all of the following principles: 1. Using land resources more efficiently through compact building forms, infill development, and moderation in street and parking standards in order to lessen land consumption and preserve natural resources and promote multi-modal transportation; 2. Supporting the location of stores, offices, residences, school, recreation spaces, and other public facilities within walking distance of each other in compact neighborhoods that are designed to provide alternate opportunities for easier movement and interaction; 3. Providing a variety of housing choices to create a diverse community; 4. Supporting walking, cycling, and transit as attractive alternatives to driving; providing alternative routes that disperse rather than concentrate traffic congestion; lowering traffic speeds in neighborhoods; 5. Connecting infrastructure and development decisions to minimize future costs by creating neighborhoods where more people use existing services and facilities; by integrating development and land use with transit routes and stations; and 6. Improving the development standards review process and development standards so that developers are encouraged to apply the principles stated above. Story: A space in a building between the surface of any floor and the surface of the next floor above, or if there is no floor above, then the space between such floor and the ceiling or roof above. Portions of buildings constructed below grade shall not count toward an allowable number of stories, provided that at least fifty (50) percent of the total floor perimeter is at least five (5) feet below grade. (Ord. No. 12447, § 2, 11-25-03; Ord. No. 12688, § 2, 5-26-05) Editor’s note: Ord. No. 12688, § 2, adopted May 26, 2005, changed the title of § 627 from “SD-27 FEC Corridor” to “SD-27 Midtown Miami Special District.” The historical notation has been preserved for reference purposes. The Midtown Miami East Special District area is bounded by Northeast 36th Street on the north and FEC greenway on the east. On the south, the area is bounded by the centerline of Northeast 29th Street between the FEC Greenway and Midtown Boulevard and by the centerline of Northeast 34th Street between Midtown Boulevard and Buena Vista Avenue. On the west, the area is bounded by the centerline of Buena Vista Avenue between Northeast 36th Street and Northeast 34th Street and by the centerline of Midtown Boulevard between Northeast 34th Street and Northeast 29th Street. 627.1.1 Intent. The Midtown Miami East District regulations are intended to provide for a method to allow for planning initiatives that achieve unique or innovative development not otherwise provided for in the zoning ordinance. These planning initiatives may include, but are not limited to, Smart Growth as defined in Section 627. The standards and procedures of this district are intended to promote flexibility

On the west, the area is bounded by the centerline of Buena Vista Avenue between Northeast 36th Street and Northeast 34th Street and by the centerline of Midtown Boulevard between Northeast 34th Street and Northeast 29th Street. 627.1.1 Intent. The Midtown Miami East District regulations are intended to provide for a method to allow for planning initiatives that achieve unique or innovative development not otherwise provided for in the zoning ordinance. These planning initiatives may include, but are not limited to, Smart Growth as defined in Section 627. The standards and procedures of this district are intended to promote flexibility and diversity in design and permit planned diversification and 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 325/614 integration of uses and structures, with limitations and regulations as deemed necessary to be consistent with the City’s Comprehensive Plan and to protect the public health, safety, and general welfare. The SD 27 Design Standards provide more detailed clarification to this ordinance and are incorporated by reference. This district is of special and substantial public interest given its proximity to Downtown Miami and the Omni Area, the Design District, Miami Beach, the Wynwood Neighborhood and to future proposed commuter transit facilities within the Florida East Coast Railway (FEC) Corridor. The intent of the district is to: (1) promote the efficient use of land resources through compact building forms, infill development, and moderation in street and parking standards in order to reduce automobile traffic and promote multi-modal transportation; (2) promote the creation of a Miami midtown environment through intensive urban mixed-use development with a twenty- four hour activity pattern; (3) Enhance the pedestrian environment and connectivity of the existing surrounding areas by extending the city street grid through the district; and (4) Provide intensive new housing opportunities needed to sustain future commercial growth and commuter transit facilities. To this end, the district promotes streetscapes and mixed-use buildings designed to provide pedestrians with lively, interesting, well-landscaped and highly usable public spaces with a maximum interrelationship with ground floor building uses. Concerning building uses and overall buildable area, mixed-use development is encouraged by providing greater floor area ratios and overall building height than that of single use buildings. Furthermore, additional height is provided for on sites that abut significant open space and/or are designated as strategically located visual gateways as defined in Section 627. Yard and setback areas are minimal and are required to be developed as an integral part of the overall pedestrian streetscape. Ground floor build-to lines are provided in order to establish a continuous building frontage that enhances and provides spatial definition for the urban streetscapes. Although no specific requirements are contained, it is further intended that buildings be designed utilizing environmentally sensitive methods, including, but not limited to, passive and active solar techniques, green-roofs, the utilization of environmentally sustainable materials and efficient mechanical systems. 627.1.2 Effect of SD-27.1 district designation. The SD-27.1 Midtown Miami East Special district shall supplant districts or portions of districts included within the SD boundaries to the extent indicated herein

integral part of the overall pedestrian streetscape. Ground floor build-to lines are provided in order to establish a continuous building frontage that enhances and provides spatial definition for the urban streetscapes. Although no specific requirements are contained, it is further intended that buildings be designed utilizing environmentally sensitive methods, including, but not limited to, passive and active solar techniques, green-roofs, the utilization of environmentally sustainable materials and efficient mechanical systems. 627.1.2 Effect of SD-27.1 district designation. The SD-27.1 Midtown Miami East Special district shall supplant districts or portions of districts included within the SD boundaries to the extent indicated herein in the official zoning atlas. 627.1.3 Class II Special Permit. 627.1.3.1 When required. A Class II Special Permit shall be required prior to approval of any permit (except special permits pursuant to Article 13) affecting the height, bulk, location or exterior configuration of any existing building or the construction of a new building; or for the implementation of signage, awnings, fences or any other improvement visible from a public right-of-way. 627.1.3.2 Considerations in making Class II Special Permit determinations. The purpose of the Class II Special Permit shall be to ensure conformity of the application with the expressed intent of this district, with the general considerations listed in section 1305, and with the special considerations contained in the SD-27 Design Standards incorporated herein by reference. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this zoning ordinance, a Major Use Special Permit is required for non- residential uses in a single building that exceed four hundred thousand (400,000) square feet and residential units in a single building that exceed four hundred (400) dwelling units, or any combined use which exceeds two thousand five hundred (2,500) parking spaces. Any variances (as defined in Article 19) sought from the provisions of the SD 27.1 regulations shall require such deviation to be considered within the process for a Major Use Special Permit as defined in Article 17; i.e. increased development thresholds as set forth above shall not apply. 627.1.4 Principal uses and structures. The following uses shall be permitted within the district, subject to the provisions of Section 627.1.7: 1. Neighborhood convenience goods and services, including food stores (grocery, meat, seafood, produce, delicatessen, bakery, confectioneries, ice cream), drugstores, newsstands, dry cleaners, barber and beauty shops, and shoe repair stores. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 326/614 2. Retail establishments open to the general public as follows: Antique stores, art stores and commercial art galleries; bicycle sales; book and stationery stores; china and crockery stores; drugstores; floor covering; florist, including plant and shrub sales; food carts and vendors; gift shops; hardware stores; hobby shops; home appliance stores; home furnishing stores; interior decoration supply stores; establishments for the sales of boating and fishing sup- plies (excluding outdoor sales of boats); jewelry stores; leather goods; luggage stores; music stores; newsstands; office supply stores; optical goods stores; package liquor stores (without drive-through facilities); paint and wallpaper; pet shops; photographic supply stores; restau- rant supply stores; tobacco shops; toy stores; television, radio, and

art stores and commercial art galleries; bicycle sales; book and stationery stores; china and crockery stores; drugstores; floor covering; florist, including plant and shrub sales; food carts and vendors; gift shops; hardware stores; hobby shops; home appliance stores; home furnishing stores; interior decoration supply stores; establishments for the sales of boating and fishing sup- plies (excluding outdoor sales of boats); jewelry stores; leather goods; luggage stores; music stores; newsstands; office supply stores; optical goods stores; package liquor stores (without drive-through facilities); paint and wallpaper; pet shops; photographic supply stores; restau- rant supply stores; tobacco shops; toy stores; television, radio, and other electronics stores; videotape sales and rentals; variety and sundry stores; establishments for sale of wearing apparel; Such establishments may provide incidental repair, maintenance, adjustment or alteration services as appropriate, but facilities, operation and storage in relation to such services shall not be visible from any street or street related pedestrian open space. Aside from antique stores, art galleries, jewelry, bookstores and wearing apparel establishments, no such retail establishments shall deal in secondhand merchandise. 3. Service establishments as follows: Interior decorator, Banks, savings and loan and financial institutions; duplicating centers including letter and photostating services; driving school agencies; locksmiths; medical or dental offices less than five thousand (5,000) square feet; opticians; photographic service; business and professional offices; tailoring; dressmaking; millinery or drapery fabrication, except where products are for office premises sale; rental of recreation and sporting equipment. 4. All Residential uses as per the R-4 High Density Residential Zoning District. 5. Hotels. 6. Shops for the sale, assembly, customization or repair open to the general public as follows: Awnings and Canvas; Carpentry; Construction of models for design purposes; Custom woodworking and furniture; Glass; Signs; and Upholstery. 7. Public and private recreational facilities and community service facilities. 8. Production of art and handicrafts (but not mass-produced items) incidental to sale at retail on the premises. 9. Restaurants, brewery restaurants, tearooms and cafes (without drive-through facilities), including those with dancing and live entertainment. 10. Bars, cocktail lounges, saloons and taverns, supper clubs and nightclubs, including those with live entertainment open to the general public. 11. Art galleries, auditoriums; theaters (including open air theaters) and cinemas, museums, libraries and similar cultural uses. 12. Structures for operating public transportation. 13. Parking lots and garages subject to Sections 627.1.5, 627.1.7 and 627.1.12. 14. Public or private educational facilities. 15. Cellular communications in accordance with the provisions of the C-1 Restricted Commercial Zoning district. The following uses shall be permitted by Class I Special Permit: 1. Outdoor photographic stage sets. 2. Notwithstanding the provisions of 906.9, up to ten (10) street and open space special events per calendar year within the district. 627.1.5. Accessory Uses. Uses and structures which are customarily accessory and clearly incidental to permitted principal uses and structures, approved in the same permit proceedings, and initiated or completed within any time limits established generally or in relation to the special permit, shall be permitted subject to limitations by these or generally applicable regulations.

provisions of the C-1 Restricted Commercial Zoning district. The following uses shall be permitted by Class I Special Permit: 1. Outdoor photographic stage sets. 2. Notwithstanding the provisions of 906.9, up to ten (10) street and open space special events per calendar year within the district. 627.1.5. Accessory Uses. Uses and structures which are customarily accessory and clearly incidental to permitted principal uses and structures, approved in the same permit proceedings, and initiated or completed within any time limits established generally or in relation to the special permit, shall be permitted subject to limitations by these or generally applicable regulations. Other accessory uses and structures shall require a Class II Special Permit. No aboveground off-street parking or loading area shall be permitted between any front portion of a building and the front line of a lot adjoining any street; provided, however that off-street parking for bicycles may be permitted in such areas, subject to limitations and requirements as to location, design and number established in connection with special permits. 627.1.6. Building Placement and buildable area. 1. Minimum lot requirements. No specific dimensional requirements are established in this district, but lots shall be of sufficient width and area to conform with other requirements and limitations of these and other lawful regulations. 2. Floor Area Limitations. Floor area limitations of the SD 27.1 district shall be as follows: 1. Allowable increase in floor area up to five tenths (0.5) or one and fifty hundredths (1.5) times for a Gateway Site will be provided for payment into the FEC Corridor Neighborhood Improvement Trust Fund, as set forth in Chapter 62 of the City of Miami Code. 2. The floor area for all mixed-use buildings shall not exceed three (3.0) times the gross lot area. Ground floor retail in mixed-use buildings shall not be included in floor area calculations. 3. The floor area ratio shall not exceed one and seventy-two hundredths (1.72) times the gross lot area for single use buildings. 3. Density. Density shall not exceed one hundred fifty (150) residential units/net acre. 4. Height Limitations. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 327/614 1. Parking structures shall not exceed seventy-five (75) feet in height. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Section, a height increase of up to ten (10) percent shall be allowed as a non-substantial amendment, subject to the approval of the Director of Planning. 2. Height limitations shall be as provided in Section 627.1.7. It is the intent of the District to provide for design variation, therefore height is regulated by an allowable number of stories and an allowable height threshold, whichever is less. Notwithstanding any provisions of Section 627.1.7, a height increase of ten (10) percent shall be allowed as a non-substantial amendment, subject to the approval of the Director of Planning. 5. Maximum and Minimum Setback Requirements and Build-To Lines. Setback requirements for the SD 27.1 district are measured perpendicular to and from the base building line. Platted public right of way lines shall be defined as the base building line.

627.1.7. It is the intent of the District to provide for design variation, therefore height is regulated by an allowable number of stories and an allowable height threshold, whichever is less. Notwithstanding any provisions of Section 627.1.7, a height increase of ten (10) percent shall be allowed as a non-substantial amendment, subject to the approval of the Director of Planning. 5. Maximum and Minimum Setback Requirements and Build-To Lines. Setback requirements for the SD 27.1 district are measured perpendicular to and from the base building line. Platted public right of way lines shall be defined as the base building line. When platted right of way lines at street intersections are rounded, setbacks shall be measured from projected right of way lines and not from the rounded portions of such lines. The SD-27 Design Standards provide further clarification of the requirements provide herein. The maximum and minimum setbacks and build-to requirements shall be as provided in Section 627.1.7 and below as follows: 1. Maximum Ground Floor Setback for all Streets. For the first twenty-five (25) feet in elevation above the public right-of-way, no building facade shall be set back more than a depth of ten (10) feet, except as otherwise provided in Section 627.1.7. Off-street parking shall not be allowed within the maximum setback. Building frontage may exceed the maximum setback requirement, provided that the resultant setback is designed and improved as public open space. 2. Minimum Setbacks and Build-To Lines. 1. Minimum setbacks and build-to requirements shall be as provided in Section 627.1.7. In order to allow for building and streetscape design variation, an accumulative maximum of forty (40) percent of any street or side setback frontage may have no podium and tower setback requirements as defined in Section 627.1.7. 2. Colonnades may encroach the setback and build-to requirements provided that a minimum of five (5) feet of sidewalk must remain clear of all obstructions. In addition, awnings and upper story balconies may encroach the setback and build-to requirements by a distance of seven (7) feet. In no case shall colonnades and upper story balcony encroachments be allowed beyond the base building/property line. Awnings may encroach base building property line by a distance of seven (7) feet into the right-of-way. 3. Building frontages along East Coast Avenue and above sixteen (16) stories or one hundred seventy-five (175) feet in height (above the public sidewalk), whichever is less, shall not exceed sixty (60) percent of the East Coast Avenue net property frontage. This requirement is applicable for all building frontages within fifty (50) feet of the base building line. 6. Gateway Designations. As provided in Section 627, gateway sites shall be as follows: Gateway 1: The SW corner of the intersection of NE 36th Street and NE 2nd Avenue; and Gateway 2: The SE corner of the intersection of NE 34th Street and NE 1st Place. 627.1.7 Maximum height, Build-to, Minimum Setback and Use Requirements. TABLE INSET: SD 27.1 Maximum height, Build-to, Minimum Setback and Use Requirements Street/Classification Height/Number of Stories

sixty (60) percent of the East Coast Avenue net property frontage. This requirement is applicable for all building frontages within fifty (50) feet of the base building line. 6. Gateway Designations. As provided in Section 627, gateway sites shall be as follows: Gateway 1: The SW corner of the intersection of NE 36th Street and NE 2nd Avenue; and Gateway 2: The SE corner of the intersection of NE 34th Street and NE 1st Place. 627.1.7 Maximum height, Build-to, Minimum Setback and Use Requirements. TABLE INSET: SD 27.1 Maximum height, Build-to, Minimum Setback and Use Requirements Street/Classification Height/Number of Stories Ground Floor Building/Setback Podium Setback** Tower Setback** Uses Midtown Boulevard 300’ and 28 stories 200’ for mixed-use on the western side of the street 0’ setback on the eastern side 15’ setback above 75’ for buildings designated as a gateway 70’ setback above 120’ elevation 65% active ground floor uses required Primary 350’ and 33 stories or the maximum Height as permitted under the designated Miami 21 20’ Build-To on the western side (maximum allowable No setback requirements for gateway 1 buildings Liner uses on all parking structures All SD 27.1 uses permitted 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 328/614 Street/Classification Height/Number of Stories Ground Floor Building/Setback Podium Setback** Tower Setback** Uses Transect Zone if designated as Gateway 1. encroachment for 80’ of linear frontage) 35’ setback above 30’ elevation on the western side Buena Vista Avenue 60’ for commercial single- use 0’ Build-To N/A All SD 21.1 uses permitted Primary 200’ for mixed-use on the eastern side of street 15’ setback above 30’ elevation on the east side Liner Uses on parking structures East Coast Avenue 300’ and 28 stories adjacent to the FEC corridor 5’ setback 15’ setback above 75’ elevation N/A Liner Uses on parking structures Tertiary 350’ and 33 stories if designated as a gateway All SD 27.1 uses permitted NE 36th Street Primary 350’ and 33 stories or the maximum Height as permitted under the designated Miami 21 Transect Zone if designated as Gateway 1 9’ Build-To with colonnade or awning 15’ setback above 75’ elevation east of Midtown Boulevard 15’ setback above 60’ elevation west of Midtown Boulevard N/A 65% active ground floor uses required Liner uses on all parking structures All SD 27.1 uses permitted NE 29th Street 300’ and 28 stories 9’ Build-To with colonnade or awning 30’ setback above 75’ elevation N/A 65% active ground floor uses Primary Liner uses on all parking Structures All SD 27.1 uses permitted NE 30th, NE 32nd, NE 35th Street 300’ and 28 Stories 5’ setback 15’ setback above 75’ elevation N/A All SD 27.1 uses permitted Secondary 350’ and 33 stories or the maximum Height as permitted under the designated Miami 21 Transect Zone if designated as Gateway 1 Restaurant or Retail Uses are required along 70’ at intersection 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 329/614 * Podium setbacks are for elevations between seventy-five (75) feet and one hundred twenty (120) feet. ** Tower setbacks are

65% active ground floor uses Primary Liner uses on all parking Structures All SD 27.1 uses permitted NE 30th, NE 32nd, NE 35th Street 300’ and 28 Stories 5’ setback 15’ setback above 75’ elevation N/A All SD 27.1 uses permitted Secondary 350’ and 33 stories or the maximum Height as permitted under the designated Miami 21 Transect Zone if designated as Gateway 1 Restaurant or Retail Uses are required along 70’ at intersection 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 329/614 * Podium setbacks are for elevations between seventy-five (75) feet and one hundred twenty (120) feet. ** Tower setbacks are for elevations greater than one hundred twenty (120) feet. 1. Gateway designations shall be as defined in Section 627.1.6. 2. Height limitations as described herein shall not prohibit additional height allowances as described in section 627.1.6. 627.1.9 Upper Level Floorplates. All building footprints above one hundred twenty (120) feet in elevation shall not exceed forty (40) percent of the net lot area. 627.1.10 Street Grid. New streets and avenues in the SD27.1 District shall align with the existing city street grid. The north/south spacing between new streets shall not exceed six hundred twenty (620) feet from centerline of street to centerline of street. The east/west spacing between new avenues shall not exceed four hundred (400) feet from centerline of avenue to centerline of avenue. For the purpose of this ordinance streets shall be categorized as “primary”, “secondary” and “tertiary” as follows: 1. Primary Streets: Northeast 34th Street, Northeast 36th Street, Midtown Boulevard and Northeast 29th Street. 2. Secondary Streets: Northeast 30th Street, Northeast 32nd Street and Northeast 35th Street. 3. Tertiary Streets: Northeast 31st Street, Northeast 33rd Street, Northeast 34th Terrace and East Coast Avenue. For further clarification, refer to the SD 27 Design Standards. Street/Classification Height/Number of Stories Ground Floor Building/Setback Podium Setback** Tower Setback** Uses with Midtown Boulevard NE 34th Street (East of Midtown) 300’ and 28 stories 0’ setback 15’ setback above 75’ elevation N/A 65% active ground floor uses required Primary 120’ for mixed-use or theater/entertainment/civic use 200’ for mixed-use Liner uses on all parking structures NE 31st NE 33rd Street and NE 34th Terrace (side setbacks) 300’ and 28 stories 20’ Build-To 55’ above 75’ elevation N/A Liner uses on all parking structures and ground floor Tertiary 300’ and 33 stories if designated as a gateway 35’ setback above 25’ elevation All SD 27.1 uses permitted FEC Corridor (No Street frontage) 300’ and 28 stories 350’ and 33 stories or the maximum Height as permitted under the designated Miami 21 Transect Zone if designated as Gateway 1 40’ Build-To 55’ setback above 75’ elevation N/A Liner uses on all parking structures All SD 27.1 uses permitted Dedicated Open Space greater than 4,000 square feet 300’ and 28 stories 350’ and 33 stories if designated as Gateway 1 0’ Build-To N/A N/A Liner uses on all parking structures All SD 27.1 uses permitted 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 330/614 627.1.11 Streetscape. All exterior space as defined

permitted FEC Corridor (No Street frontage) 300’ and 28 stories 350’ and 33 stories or the maximum Height as permitted under the designated Miami 21 Transect Zone if designated as Gateway 1 40’ Build-To 55’ setback above 75’ elevation N/A Liner uses on all parking structures All SD 27.1 uses permitted Dedicated Open Space greater than 4,000 square feet 300’ and 28 stories 350’ and 33 stories if designated as Gateway 1 0’ Build-To N/A N/A Liner uses on all parking structures All SD 27.1 uses permitted 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 330/614 627.1.11 Streetscape. All exterior space as defined in the SD 27.1 Zoning Ordinance shall conform to the following standards and are subject to approval by the Director of the City of Miami Public Works Department and other authorities having jurisdiction. Denial of these requirements by such authorities for reasons of public health, safety and welfare shall not constitute a variance from this Ordinance. Recommendations beyond the requirements provided herein are provided in the supplemental SD 27 Design Standards. 1. All required yards, setbacks, and sidewalk area within the public right-of-way adjacent to streets shall be a continuous pedestrian space. For all sidewalks, an area a minimum of 5’ wide must remain clear of all obstructions to ensure adequate pedestrian circulation. 2. Street furniture shall be as defined in the SD 27 Design Standards. Street furniture shall be part of the urban streetscape to encourage pedestrian activity and provide such amenities as: trash receptacles, benches, bollards, pedestrian lighting, bicycle racks, parking meters, street signs, transit shelters, tables, chairs, and water fountains. Trash receptacles and benches shall be provided at a minimum of two hundred (200) foot intervals on both sides of Northeast 34th Street and Midtown Boulevard. Bicycle racks shall be provided at six hundred (600) foot intervals on both sides of Northeast 34th Street and Midtown Boulevard. These may be located in the pedestrian areas as long as pedestrian flow patterns are continuous. 3. All specified plant material shall be Florida #1 or better. Refer to the Florida Grades and Standards Manual. All shade trees shall have high wind resistance. Additionally, all trees and shrubs shall be native to Florida or have sub-tropic, drought tolerant characteristics. 4. Palm trees shall be provided in the sidewalk area at a minimum spacing of twenty-five (25) feet. Large palms shall have a minimum height of sixteen (16) feet and small palms shall have a minimum height of eight (8) feet. 5. Shade trees shall be provided in the sidewalk area at a minimum spacing of forty (40) feet on center with an eight (8) foot continuous canopy spread at planting and a twenty-five (25) foot spread at maturity with a 3” caliper at planting. Such trees shall have a minimum height of fourteen (14) feet at planting and twenty-five (25) feet at maturity. 6. Only one shade tree species may be used for each individual street. Such species shall be determined by the City of Miami Planning and Zoning Department

palms shall have a minimum height of eight (8) feet. 5. Shade trees shall be provided in the sidewalk area at a minimum spacing of forty (40) feet on center with an eight (8) foot continuous canopy spread at planting and a twenty-five (25) foot spread at maturity with a 3” caliper at planting. Such trees shall have a minimum height of fourteen (14) feet at planting and twenty-five (25) feet at maturity. 6. Only one shade tree species may be used for each individual street. Such species shall be determined by the City of Miami Planning and Zoning Department through the Class II Permit process. 7. All requirements for street medians shall adhere to the recommendations provided in the supplemental SD 27 Design Standards. 627.1.12. Buildings. All buildings abutting “primary streets” as defined in the SD 27.1 Zoning Ordinance shall conform with the fol- lowing standards: 1. A minimum of sixty-five percent (65%) of the linear frontage of any lot abutting a “primary street” shall contain ground floor space designed to accommodate retail and other uses that promote pedestrian traffic. The design of such space shall meet the standards listed below, except for buildings that are intended primarily for residential use, where ground floor pedestrian oriented uses would be inappropriate or disruptive to the residential use. 1. All ground level space designed for pedestrian oriented uses shall have external entrances directly accessible from public sidewalk space. At least one (1) external entrance shall be located along the frontage of the primary street or on the corner intersection of the primary street and any other street. Additionally, each building use, such as a retail store with a cafe or restaurant, shall have separate entrances. All such entrances shall be transparent. 2. For the first ten (10) feet of height above the public sidewalk elevation, the exterior building wall shall contain windows and/or doorways of transparent glass covering at least fifty (50) percent of the wall area. Additionally, the base of all transparent openings shall be no more than thirty (30) inches above the sidewalk. 3. Arcades and colonnades shall be at least seven (7) feet wide and twelve (12) feet high. A minimum of five (5) feet of the sidewalk must remain clear of all obstructions to ensure adequate pedestrian circulation. 2. The remaining frontage of thirty-five percent (35%) may be dedicated to entrances, lobbies, customer driveways, architectural treatment, or non-pedestrian oriented uses. No portion of a building wall that does not contain transparent glass shall be constructed with a flat, unarticulated surface for a distance of greater than twelve (12) feet. 627.1.13. Building Functionality. All exterior space as defined in the SD 27.2 Zoning Ordinance shall conform to the following standards, except as provided: 1. Service access and loading areas shall not be permitted to front the following streets or portions thereof; Northeast 36th Street; Midtown Boulevard; Northeast 29th Street; and within side setbacks (mews) as required in Section 627.1.7. 2. Service access and loading areas shall be enclosed

non-pedestrian oriented uses. No portion of a building wall that does not contain transparent glass shall be constructed with a flat, unarticulated surface for a distance of greater than twelve (12) feet. 627.1.13. Building Functionality. All exterior space as defined in the SD 27.2 Zoning Ordinance shall conform to the following standards, except as provided: 1. Service access and loading areas shall not be permitted to front the following streets or portions thereof; Northeast 36th Street; Midtown Boulevard; Northeast 29th Street; and within side setbacks (mews) as required in Section 627.1.7. 2. Service access and loading areas shall be enclosed within buildings or screened from public view with architectural walls and/or landscaping. 3. All dumpsters shall be concealed on three sides by a solid structure, and on the fourth side by an opaque gate. 4. Utility boxes, meters, and HVAC equipment shall be concealed within buildings or screened from public view. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 331/614 627.1.14. Surface Parking and Parking Garages. Surface parking and parking structures shall conform with the following standards: 1. Off-street parking is not permitted along frontages of primary streets. 2. Vehicular access to parking structures shall not be permitted on the following streets: NE 36th Street; NE 29th Street; and Midtown Boulevard. Access shall be allowed along the western edge of Midtown Boulevard north of NE 34th Street. 3. Blank, unarticulated walls will not be permitted for parking podium facades that are not lined with uses. Such facades shall have architectural treatments designed to be compatible with neighboring buildings. Ramps, stairwells and any other portion of a garage should be buffered with the use of decorative grilles and screens, landscaping, and other varied materials. 4. As required in Section 627.1.7, liner uses are required on all levels of parking garages except when such construction of uses would interfere with the ventilation requirements of applicable building codes. Such ventilation requirements shall be met with the least possible disruption to a continuous liner use program as required in Section 627.1.7 and shall be accommodated on secondary and tertiary street frontages. 627.1.15. Open Space A minimum of ten (10) percent of the gross lot area shall be provided as open space as defined in Section 627, except as follows: 1. Since the intent of the district is to provide significant common public open space, the minimum open space requirement may be aggregated among parcels or lots under common ownership and located in a common location within the district. Such aggregation of open space shall be improved as provided in Section 627. 2. Pursuant to the District plat, open space platted by easement within the District shall be allowed to be substituted for the requirements provided herein. Such platted open space shall be improved as provided in Section 627. 3. Within the block bounded by Northeast 36th Street, Midtown Boulevard, Northeast 34th Street and Buena Vista Avenue, one (1) acre of open space shall be provided and may be used for open space aggregation provided in 627.1.15.1. Such

common ownership and located in a common location within the district. Such aggregation of open space shall be improved as provided in Section 627. 2. Pursuant to the District plat, open space platted by easement within the District shall be allowed to be substituted for the requirements provided herein. Such platted open space shall be improved as provided in Section 627. 3. Within the block bounded by Northeast 36th Street, Midtown Boulevard, Northeast 34th Street and Buena Vista Avenue, one (1) acre of open space shall be provided and may be used for open space aggregation provided in 627.1.15.1. Such open space shall be contiguous and centrally located within the block and shall be in addition to required Streetscape improvements provided in Section 627.1.10. 627.1.16. Off-Street Parking. 1. Requirements. Since it is intended to promote the use of multi-modal transportation and that automobile traffic be minimized, the off-street parking requirements shall be as follows: 1. For residential uses, one (1) space per dwelling unit 2. For Live/Work uses, one (1) space per one thousand (1,000) square feet of net floor area. 3. For hotel or motel uses, one (1) space per three (3) lodging units. 4. For theaters, one (1) space per each eight (8) fixed seats. 5. For all other uses, one (1) space per five hundred (500) square feet of net floor area. Valet parking shall be allowed to satisfy off-street parking requirements. 2. Off site parking permitted. Notwithstanding the limitations of section 918, offsite parking shall be permitted by Class II Special Permit without limitation on percentage of the required number of spaces or maximum distance from the principal use when located within the SD-27.1 zoning district. Furthermore, there shall be no required demonstration or findings of practical difficulty or unnecessary hardship in providing required parking on the site, provided that the location of the offsite parking is within one thousand (1,000) feet radius of the principal use, or there are permanent provisions made to transport the offsite parking patrons to and from the principal site at the property owner’s expense. 627.1.17. Off-Street Loading. The off-street loading requirements shall be as follows: 1. For residential uses: 1. Berth minimum to be twelve (12) by thirty-five (35) feet by fifteen (15) feet in height; 2. One (1) berth for every one hundred (100) residential units or fraction thereof. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 332/614 2. For non-residential uses: 1. For non-residential floor area up to one hundred thousand (100,000) square feet, two (2) berths total; 2. For non-residential floor area of twenty-five thousand (25,000) up to fifty thousand (50,000) square feet, one (1) berth total. No berths are required for floor area less than twenty-five thousand (25,000) square feet; 3. Berth minimum to be twelve (12) by fifty-five (55) feet by fifteen (15) feet in height; 4. For non-residential floor area up to two hundred fifty thousand (250,000) square feet, three (3) berths total; 5. For non-residential floor area up to five hundred thousand (500,000) square feet, four

1. For non-residential floor area up to one hundred thousand (100,000) square feet, two (2) berths total; 2. For non-residential floor area of twenty-five thousand (25,000) up to fifty thousand (50,000) square feet, one (1) berth total. No berths are required for floor area less than twenty-five thousand (25,000) square feet; 3. Berth minimum to be twelve (12) by fifty-five (55) feet by fifteen (15) feet in height; 4. For non-residential floor area up to two hundred fifty thousand (250,000) square feet, three (3) berths total; 5. For non-residential floor area up to five hundred thousand (500,000) square feet, four (4) berths total. 3. Mixed use projects shall comply with loading requirements per use as specified above. Since it is intended to promote the most efficient use of land, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 922.1 and 922.4, the maneuvering of trucks within the public right of way for the purposes of off-street loading shall be allowed by a Class II Special Permit. Additionally, tandem loading berths shall be allowed by a Class II Special Permit. 627.1.18. Sign Regulations. See Article 10 sign regulations as for SD-8, and in addition, the SD-27 Design Standards for sign regulations and limitations. (Ord. No. 12448, § 2, 11-25-03; Ord. No. 12689, § 2, 5-26-05; Ord. No. 12724, § 2, 7-28-05; Ord. No. 12757, § 2, 1-26-06) Editor’s note: Ord. No. 12689, § 2, adopted May 26, 2005, changed the title of § 627.1 from “SD-27.1 Buena Vista Yard” to “SD-27.1 Midtown Miami East Special District.” The historical notation has been preserved for reference purposes. Midtown Miami West. The Area is bounded by Northeast 36th Street on the north and North Miami Avenue on the west. On the south, the area is bounded by the centerline of Northeast 34th Street between Buena Vista Avenue and Midtown Boulevard and by Northeast 29th Street between North Miami Avenue and Midtown Boulevard. On the east, the area is bounded by the centerline of Buena Vista Avenue between Northeast 36th Street and Northeast 34th Street and by the centerline of Midtown Boulevard between Northeast 34th Street and Northeast 29th Street. 627.2.1. Intent. The Midtown Miami West district regulations are intended to provide a method to allow for planning initiatives that achieve a unique or innovative development that is not otherwise provided for in the zoning ordinance. These planning initiatives may include, but are not limited to, Smart Growth as defined in Section 627. The standards and procedures of this district are intended to promote flexible design and permit planned diversification and integration of uses and structures, with limitations and regulations as deemed necessary to be consistent with the City’s Comprehensive Plan and to protect the public health, safety, and general welfare. Design standards supplement this ordinance and provide more detailed clarification. This district is of special and substantial public interest given its proximity to Downtown Miami and the Omni Area, the Design District, Miami Beach, the Wynwood Neighborhood and to future proposed commuter transit facilities within the Florida East

defined in Section 627. The standards and procedures of this district are intended to promote flexible design and permit planned diversification and integration of uses and structures, with limitations and regulations as deemed necessary to be consistent with the City’s Comprehensive Plan and to protect the public health, safety, and general welfare. Design standards supplement this ordinance and provide more detailed clarification. This district is of special and substantial public interest given its proximity to Downtown Miami and the Omni Area, the Design District, Miami Beach, the Wynwood Neighborhood and to future proposed commuter transit facilities within the Florida East Coast Railway (FEC) Corridor. The intent of the district is to: (1) Promote the creation of a Miami midtown environment through intensive urban retail mixed-use development with a twenty-four hour activity pattern; and (2) Enhance the pedestrian environment and connectivity of the existing surrounding areas by extending the city street grid through the district. To this end, the district promotes streetscapes and mixed-use buildings designed to provide pedestrians with lively, interesting, well-landscaped and highly usable public spaces with a maximum interrelationship with ground floor building uses. Concerning building uses and overall buildable area, mixed-use development is encouraged by providing greater floor area ratios and overall building height than that of single use buildings. Furthermore, additional height is provided for sites that abut significant open space and/or are designated as strategically located visual gateways as defined in Section 627. Yard and setback areas are minimal and are required to be developed as an integral part of the overall pedestrian streetscape. Ground floor build-to lines are provided in order to establish a continuous building frontage that enhances and provides spatial definition for the urban streetscape. Although no specific requirements are contained herein, it is further intended that buildings be designed utilizing environmentally sensitive methods, including, but not limited to, passive and active solar techniques, green- roofs, the utilization of environmentally sustainable materials and efficient mechanical systems. 627.2.2. Effect of SD-27.2 district designation. The SD-27.2 Midtown Miami West district shall supplant districts or portions of districts included within the SD boundaries to the extent indicated in the official zoning atlas. 627.2.3. Class II Special Permit. Section 627.2.3.1. When required. A Class II Special Permit shall be required prior to approval of any permit (except special permits pursuant to Article 13) affecting the height, bulk, location or exterior configuration of any existing building or the construction of a new building. Section 627.2.3.2. Considerations in making Class II Special Permit determinations. The purpose of the Class II Special Permit shall be to ensure conformity of the application with the expressed intent of this district, with the general 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 333/614 considerations listed in section 1305, and with the special considerations contained in the Design Standards. Notwithstanding any other provision of the zoning code, a Major Use Special Permit is required for non-residential uses in a single building that exceed 400,000 square feet of floor area and residential units in a single building

the construction of a new building. Section 627.2.3.2. Considerations in making Class II Special Permit determinations. The purpose of the Class II Special Permit shall be to ensure conformity of the application with the expressed intent of this district, with the general 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 333/614 considerations listed in section 1305, and with the special considerations contained in the Design Standards. Notwithstanding any other provision of the zoning code, a Major Use Special Permit is required for non-residential uses in a single building that exceed 400,000 square feet of floor area and residential units in a single building that exceed 400 dwelling units, or any combined use which exceeds 2,500 parking spaces in a single building. Any variances (as defined in Article 19) sought from the provisions of the SD 27 regulations shall require such deviation to be considered within the process for a Major Use Special Permit as defined in Article 17 and the increased development thresholds as set forth above shall not apply. 627.2.4. Principal Uses and Structures. The following uses shall be permitted within the district, subject to the provisions of Section 627.2.7: 1. Neighborhood convenience goods and services, including food stores (grocery, meat, seafood, produce, delicatessen, bakery, confectioneries, ice cream), drugstores, newsstands, dry cleaners, barber and beauty shops, and shoe repair stores. 2. Retail establishments open to the general public as follows: big box retail (retail establish- ments greater than 20,000 square feet of floor area), antique stores, art stores and com- mercial art galleries; bicycle sales; book and stationery stores; china and crockery stores; drugstores; floor covering; florist, including plant and shrub sales; food carts and vendors; gift shops; hardware stores; hobby shops; home appliance stores; home furnishing stores; interior decoration supply stores; establishments for the sales of boating and fishing sup- plies (excluding outdoor sales of boats); jewelry stores; leather goods; luggage stores; music stores; newsstands; office supply stores; optical goods stores; package liquor stores (without drive-through facilities); paint and wallpaper; pet shops; photographic supply stores; restaurant supply stores; tobacco shops; toy stores; television, radio, and other electronics stores; videotape sales and rentals; variety and sundry stores; establishments for sale of wearing apparel; wholesale establishments open to the general public; or any other similar use customarily found in a major retail shopping center. Such establishments may provide incidental repair, maintenance, adjustment or alteration services as appropriate, but facilities, operation and storage in relation to such services shall not be visible from any street or street related pedestrian open space. Aside from antique stores, art galleries, jewelry, bookstores and wearing apparel establishments, no such retail establishments shall deal in secondhand merchandise. 3. Service establishments as follows: Interior decorator, banks, savings and loan and financial institutions; duplicating centers including letter and photostating services; driving school agencies; locksmiths; medical or dental offices less than five thousand (5,000) square feet; opticians; photographic service; business and professional offices; tailoring; dressmaking; millinery or drapery fabrication, except where products are for office premises sale; rental of recreation and sporting

relation to such services shall not be visible from any street or street related pedestrian open space. Aside from antique stores, art galleries, jewelry, bookstores and wearing apparel establishments, no such retail establishments shall deal in secondhand merchandise. 3. Service establishments as follows: Interior decorator, banks, savings and loan and financial institutions; duplicating centers including letter and photostating services; driving school agencies; locksmiths; medical or dental offices less than five thousand (5,000) square feet; opticians; photographic service; business and professional offices; tailoring; dressmaking; millinery or drapery fabrication, except where products are for office premises sale; rental of recreation and sporting equipment. 4. All Residential as per the R-4 Zoning District. 5. Hotels. 6. Production Studios. 7. Shops for the sale, assembly, customization or repair open to the general public as follows: awnings and canvas; carpentry; construction of models for design purposes; custom woodworking and furniture; glass; signs; and upholstery. 8. Public and private recreational facilities and community service facilities. 9. Production of art and handicrafts (but not mass-produced items) incidental to sale at retail on the premises. 10. Restaurants, brewery restaurants, tearooms and cafes (without drive-through facilities), including those with dancing and live entertainment. 11. Bars, cocktail lounges, saloons and taverns, supper clubs and nightclubs, including those with live entertainment open to the general public. 12. Art galleries, auditoriums; theaters (including open air theatres) and cinemas, museums, libraries and similar cultural uses. 13. Structures for operating public transportation. 14. Parking lots and garages subject to Sections 627.2.5, 627.2.7 and 627.1.12. 15. Public or private educational facilities. 16. Cellular communications in accordance with the provisions of the C-1 Zoning district. 17. Drive-Through facilities on “secondary” and “tertiary” streets. The following uses shall be permitted by Class I Special Permit: 1. Outdoor photographic stage sets. 2. Notwithstanding the provisions of 906.9, up to ten (10) street and open space special events per calendar year within the district. 627.2.5. Accessory Uses. Uses and structures which are customarily accessory and clearly incidental to permitted principal uses and structures, approved in the same permit proceedings, and initiated or completed within any time limits established generally or in relation to the special permit, shall be permitted subject to limitations by these or generally applicable regulations. Other accessory uses and structures shall require a Class II Special Permit. No aboveground off-street parking or loading area shall be permitted between any front portion of a building and the front line of a lot adjoining any street; provided, however that off-street parking for bicycles may be permitted in such areas, subject to limitations and requirements as to location, design and number established in connection with special permits. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 334/614 627.2.6. Building Placement and Buildable Area. 1. Minimum lot requirements. No specific dimensional requirements are established in this district, but lots shall be of sufficient width and area to conform with other requirements and limitations of these and other lawful regulations. 2. Floor Area Limitations. Floor area limitations of the SD 27.2 district shall be as

front line of a lot adjoining any street; provided, however that off-street parking for bicycles may be permitted in such areas, subject to limitations and requirements as to location, design and number established in connection with special permits. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 334/614 627.2.6. Building Placement and Buildable Area. 1. Minimum lot requirements. No specific dimensional requirements are established in this district, but lots shall be of sufficient width and area to conform with other requirements and limitations of these and other lawful regulations. 2. Floor Area Limitations. Floor area limitations of the SD 27.2 district shall be as follows: 1. Allowable increase in floor area up to seventy-five hundredths (0.75) will be provided for payment into a Neighborhood Improvement Trust Fund. 2. The floor area for all mixed-use buildings shall not exceed three (3.0) times the gross lot area. Ground floor retail in mixed-use buildings shall not be includedin floor area calculations. 3. Except as otherwise provided below, the floor area ratio shall not exceed one and seventy-two hundredths (1.72) times the gross lot area for single use commercial buildings. 3. Density. Density shall not exceed one hundred fifty (150) residential units/net acre and in no case shall exceed a total of one thousand five hundred (1,500) units within the entire district. 4. Maximum Heights. 1. Maximum heights shall be as provided in Section 627.2.7. 2. All parking structures shall not exceed seventy-five (75) feet in height, except as otherwise provided in Section 627.2.12. 5. Maximum and Minimum Setback Requirements and Build-To Lines 1. Setback requirements shall be measured perpendicular to and from the base building line. Platted public right of way lines shall be defined as the Base Building Line. When platted right of way lines at street intersections are rounded, setbacks shall be measured from projected right of way lines and not from the rounded portions of such lines. The Design Standards provide further clarification of the requirements provided herein. The maximum and minimum setbacks and build-to requirements shall be as provided in Section 627.2.7 and below, as follows: 2. For the first twenty-five (25) feet in elevation above the public right-of-way, no building facade shall be set back more than a maximum depth of ten (10) feet, except as otherwise provided in Section 627.2.7. Off-street parking shall not be allowed within the maximum setback. Building frontage may exceed the maximum ground floor setback requirement, provided that the resultant area between the building frontage and the base building line is designed and improved as public open space. 3. Colonnades encroach the setback and build-to requirements provided that a minimum of five (5) feet of sidewalk must remain clear of all obstructions. In addition, awnings and upper story balconies may encroach the setback and build-to requirements by a distance of seven (7) feet. Upper story architectural features may encroach the setback and build- to requirements by a distance of five (5) feet but shall not exceed thirty (30) percent of the building frontage. 4. Build-To Lines shall

that the resultant area between the building frontage and the base building line is designed and improved as public open space. 3. Colonnades encroach the setback and build-to requirements provided that a minimum of five (5) feet of sidewalk must remain clear of all obstructions. In addition, awnings and upper story balconies may encroach the setback and build-to requirements by a distance of seven (7) feet. Upper story architectural features may encroach the setback and build- to requirements by a distance of five (5) feet but shall not exceed thirty (30) percent of the building frontage. 4. Build-To Lines shall only be applicable for 60% of the street frontage. 6. Gateway Designations. As provided in Section 627, the gateway site shall be the Southeast corner of the intersection of Northeast 36th Street and North Miami Avenue. Such designation, for the purposes of height limitations, setback and build-to requirements shall apply for a north/south dimension of one hundred fifty (150’) feet and an east/west dimension of four hundred (400’) feet. 627.2.7. Maximum Height, Build-To, Minimum Setback and Use Requirements TABLE INSET: SD 27.2 Maximum height, Build-To, Minimum Setback and Use Requirements Street/Classification Height Ground Floor Building To Mid-level Setback* Upper- level Setback** Uses Midtown Boulevard Primary 60’ for commercial single-use 300’ for residential or mixed- use 20’ Build-To Area between the building frontage and based building building line shall be improved as open space. Maximum Allowable encroachment (0’ build-to) for 80’ of linear frontage per block 35’ setback above 60’ elevation N/A All SD 27.2 uses permitted except that Big Box retail shall not be permitted from 31st Street to 36th Street. Liner uses on all parking structures Buena Vista Avenue (north of 34th Street) Primary 60’ for commercial single-use 120’ for mixed-use 0’ Build-To N/A 15’ setback above 60’ elevation All SD 27.2 uses permitted 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 335/614 Street/Classification Height Ground Floor Building To Mid-level Setback* Upper- level Setback** Uses Buena Vista Avenue (south of 34th Street) Primary 60’ for commercial single-use 120’ for mixed-use or theaters 0’ Build-To N/A 15’ setback above 60’ elevation All SD 27.2 uses permitted NE 36th Street Primary 60’ for commercial single-use 120’ for mixed-use or theaters 9’ setback with colonnade or awning Maximum Setback of 20’ N/A 15’ setback above 60’ elevation All SD 27.2 uses permitted Liner uses on all parking structures except as otherwise provided in Section 627.2.12 NE 29th Street Primary 60’ for commercial single-use 180’ for mixed use N/A N/A N/A All SD27.2 uses permitted Liner uses on all parking structures except as otherwise provided in Section 627.2.12 North Miami Avenue Primary 60’ for commercial single-use 120’ for mixed-use 200’ for mixed use and gateway 1 requirement 9’ Build-To with colonnade or awning 5’ build-to from centerline of NE 36th Street south for a distance of 315’ N/A 15’ setback above 60’ All SD 27.2 uses permitted Liner uses on all parking structures except as otherwise provided in Section 627.2.12 NE 34th Street Primary 60’ for

NE 29th Street Primary 60’ for commercial single-use 180’ for mixed use N/A N/A N/A All SD27.2 uses permitted Liner uses on all parking structures except as otherwise provided in Section 627.2.12 North Miami Avenue Primary 60’ for commercial single-use 120’ for mixed-use 200’ for mixed use and gateway 1 requirement 9’ Build-To with colonnade or awning 5’ build-to from centerline of NE 36th Street south for a distance of 315’ N/A 15’ setback above 60’ All SD 27.2 uses permitted Liner uses on all parking structures except as otherwise provided in Section 627.2.12 NE 34th Street Primary 60’ for commercial single-use 120’ for mixed-use 0’ Build-To 15’ setback above 20’ elevation N/A All SD 27.2 uses permitted Liner uses on all parking structures except as otherwise provided in Section 627.2.12 NE 32nd Street Secondary 60’ for commercial single-use 0’ Build-To 10’ setback N/A 30% active ground floor uses All SD 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 336/614 * Mid-level setbacks are for elevations between twenty (20) feet and sixty (60) feet. ** Upper-level setbacks are for elevations greater than sixty (60) feet. 1. Gateway designations shall be as defined in Section 627.2.6. 627.2.8. Street Grid/Blocks. Northeast 34th Street and Northeast 36th Street shall extend through the SD27.2 District and shall align with the existing city street grid west of North Miami Avenue. Northeast 31st Street shall extend through the SD 27.2 District and shall generally align with the existing street grid west of North Miami Avenue North of Northeast 34th Street, the north/south spacing between new streets shall not exceed eight hundred twenty-five (825) feet from centerline of street to centerline of street. South of Northeast 34th Street, the north/south spacing between new streets shall not exceed seven (700) feet from centerline of street to centerline of street. The east/ west spacing between new avenues shall not exceed seven hundred twenty-five (725) feet from centerline of avenue to centerline of avenue. Open Space, with an area of at least one (1) acre, may be substituted in lieu of a new Street or Avenue. For the purpose of this ordinance, streets shall be categorized as “primary” and “secondary” as follows: 1. Primary Streets: North Miami Avenue, Northeast 34th Street, Northeast 36th Street, Midtown Boulevard, Northeast 29th Street, Buena Vista Avenue. 2. Secondary Streets: Northeast 30th Street, Northeast 31st Street, Northeast 32nd Street; Northeast 33rd Street, Northeast 35th Place and Northeast 35th Street. Refer to the SD 27.2 Design Standards for additional Design Standards and Guidelines regarding streets. 627.2.9. Streetscape. All exterior space as defined in the SD 27.2 Zoning Ordinance shall conform to the following standards and are subject to approval by the Director of the City of Miami Department of Public Works and other authorities having jurisdiction. Denial of these requirements by such authorities for reasons of public health, safety and welfare shall not constitute a variance from this Ordinance. Refer to the SD 27.2 Design Standards for additional Design Standards and Guidelines regarding streetscapes. Street/Classification Height Ground Floor Building

Street. Refer to the SD 27.2 Design Standards for additional Design Standards and Guidelines regarding streets. 627.2.9. Streetscape. All exterior space as defined in the SD 27.2 Zoning Ordinance shall conform to the following standards and are subject to approval by the Director of the City of Miami Department of Public Works and other authorities having jurisdiction. Denial of these requirements by such authorities for reasons of public health, safety and welfare shall not constitute a variance from this Ordinance. Refer to the SD 27.2 Design Standards for additional Design Standards and Guidelines regarding streetscapes. Street/Classification Height Ground Floor Building To Mid-level Setback* Upper- level Setback** Uses 120’ for mixed-use above 20’ elevation 27.2 uses permitted NE 31st Street Secondary 60’ for commercial single-use 250’ for mixed-use 0’ Build-To N/A N/A 30% active ground floor uses All SD 27.2 uses permitted NE 30th 33rd, 35th Street and NE 34th Terrace Secondary 60’ for commercial single-use 120’ for mixed-use 0’ Build-To N/A N/A 30% active ground floor uses All SD 27.2 uses permitted Dedicated Open Space greater than 1 acre 60’ for commercial single-use 120’ for mixed-use 0’ Build-To N/A N/A All SD 27.2 uses permitted Interior Side 60’ for commercial single-use 120’ for mixed-use 0’ Setback N/A N/A All SD 27.2 uses permitted 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 337/614 1. All required setbacks and sidewalk area within the public right-of-way adjacent to streets shall be a continuous pedestrian space. For all sidewalks, an area a minimum of five (5’) feet wide must remain clear of all obstructions to ensure adequate pedestrian circulation. 2. For all streets, the ground floor of buildings shall be set back from the property line, where necessary, to provide a minimum sidewalk width of ten (10) feet from face of building to curb line. Unless otherwise prohibited by setback requirements of the SD 27.2 Zoning District, the upper floors of buildings may overhang this setback. The setback area shall be improved to meet the adopted design standards of the SD 27.2 Zoning District for the adjacent public sidewalk including pavement treatment, landscaping, street lighting and awnings. 3. Street furniture shall be as defined in the SD 27 Design Standards. Street furniture shall be part of the urban streetscape to encourage pedestrian activity and provide such amenities as: trash receptacles, benches, bollards, pedestrian lighting, bicycle racks, parking meters, street signs, transit shelters, tables and chairs. Trash receptacles and benches shall be provided at a minimum of two hundred (200) foot intervals on both sides of Northeast 34th Street and Midtown Boulevard. Bicycle racks shall be provided at six hundred (600) foot intervals on both sides of Northeast 34th Street and Midtown Boulevard. These may be located in the pedestrian areas as long as pedestrian flow patterns are continuous. Greater spacing may be allowed by Class II Special Permit if such spacing is required: 1. To promote or enhance pedestrian safety, or 2. To maintain compliance with the SD 27 Design Standards. 4. All specified plant material shall

and benches shall be provided at a minimum of two hundred (200) foot intervals on both sides of Northeast 34th Street and Midtown Boulevard. Bicycle racks shall be provided at six hundred (600) foot intervals on both sides of Northeast 34th Street and Midtown Boulevard. These may be located in the pedestrian areas as long as pedestrian flow patterns are continuous. Greater spacing may be allowed by Class II Special Permit if such spacing is required: 1. To promote or enhance pedestrian safety, or 2. To maintain compliance with the SD 27 Design Standards. 4. All specified plant material shall be Florida #1 or better. Refer to the Florida Grades and Standards Manual. All shade trees shall have high wind resistance. Additionally, all trees and shrubs shall be native to Florida or have subtropic, drought tolerant characteristics. 5. Palm trees shall generally be provided in the sidewalk area at a minimum spacing of twenty- five (25) feet, except that greater spacing may be allowed by Class II Special Permit if such spacing is required: 1) to promote or enhance pedestrian safety or 2) to maintain compliance with the SD 27 Design Standards. 6. Large palms shall have a minimum height of sixteen (16) feet and small palms shall have a minimum height of eight (8) feet. 7. Shade trees shall be provided in the sidewalk area at a minimum spacing of forty (40) feet on center with an eight (8) foot continuous canopy spread at planting and a twenty-five (25) foot spread at maturity with a 3” caliper at planting. Such trees shall have a minimum height of fourteen (14) feet at planting and twenty-five (25) feet at maturity. 8. In order to provide for a unified street character, only one shade tree species may be used for each individual street within the entirety of the SD 27 district. Such species selection is subject to approval by Class II Special Permit. 627.2.10. Buildings. All buildings abutting “primary streets” as provided in Section 627.2.8, shall conform to the following standards: 1. A minimum of sixty-five (65) percent of the linear frontage of any lot abutting a “primary” street, and thirty (30) percent of any lot abutting a “secondary” street, shall contain ground floor space designed to accommodate retail and other uses that promote pedestrian traffic. The design of such space shall meet the standards listed below, except for buildings that are intended primarily for residential use, where ground floor pedestrian oriented uses would be inappropriate or disruptive to the residential use. 1. All ground level space designed for pedestrian oriented uses shall have external entrances directly accessible from public sidewalk space. At least one (1) external entrance shall be located along the frontage of the primary street or on the corner intersection of the primary street and any other street or the frontage of public open space. Additionally, each building use, such as a retail store with a cafe or restaurant, shall have separate entrances. All such entrances shall be transparent.

intended primarily for residential use, where ground floor pedestrian oriented uses would be inappropriate or disruptive to the residential use. 1. All ground level space designed for pedestrian oriented uses shall have external entrances directly accessible from public sidewalk space. At least one (1) external entrance shall be located along the frontage of the primary street or on the corner intersection of the primary street and any other street or the frontage of public open space. Additionally, each building use, such as a retail store with a cafe or restaurant, shall have separate entrances. All such entrances shall be transparent. 2. For the first ten (10) feet of height above the public sidewalk elevation, the exterior building wall shall contain windows and/or doorways of transparent glass covering at least fifty (50) percent of linear frontage (to be calculated at a height over 30 inches) of each building; plazas and openings into pedestrian entrances and spaces shall count towards the 50% transparency requirement specified in this section. Additionally, the base of all transparent openings shall be no more than thirty (30) inches above the sidewalk. Display windows may count towards the transparency requirement and may encroach upon specified setback and build-to lines by a distance no greater than thirty (30) inches, provided that a minimum of five (5) feet of sidewalk must remain clear of all obstructions. 3. Arcades and colonnades, where proposed shall be at least nine (9) feet wide and twelve(12) feet high. A minimum of five (5) feet of the sidewalk must remain clear of all obstructions to ensure adequate pedestrian circulation. 4. No portion of a building wall that does not contain transparent glass shall be constructed with a flat, unarticulated surface for a distance of greater than twenty (20) feet. In addition, any building frontage on North Miami Avenue that exceeds three hundred (300) feet shall incorporate a major break of at least thirty (30) feet in width by ten (10) feet in depth at ground level. Such breaks shall be improved as open space and/or provide building access and occur on axis with the existing city street grid. 2. The remaining frontage of thirty-five percent (35%) may be dedicated to entrances, lobbies, customer driveways, architectural treatment, or non-pedestrian oriented uses. No portion of a building wall that does not contain transparent glass shall be constructed with a flat, unarticulated surface for a distance of greater than twenty (20) feet. 627.2.11. Building Functionality. All exterior space as defined in the SD 27.2 Zoning Ordinance shall conform to the following standards, except as provided: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 338/614 1. Service access and service loading areas shall not be permitted to front the following streets or portions: North Miami Avenue south of Northeast 34th Street; Midtown Boulevard; Buena Vista Avenue; and Northeast 29th Street. 2. Service loading areas shall be enclosed within buildings or screened from public view with architectural walls and/or landscaping. 3. All dumpsters shall be concealed on three sides by a solid structure,

than twenty (20) feet. 627.2.11. Building Functionality. All exterior space as defined in the SD 27.2 Zoning Ordinance shall conform to the following standards, except as provided: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 338/614 1. Service access and service loading areas shall not be permitted to front the following streets or portions: North Miami Avenue south of Northeast 34th Street; Midtown Boulevard; Buena Vista Avenue; and Northeast 29th Street. 2. Service loading areas shall be enclosed within buildings or screened from public view with architectural walls and/or landscaping. 3. All dumpsters shall be concealed on three sides by a solid structure, and on the fourth side by an opaque gate. 4. Utility boxes, meters, and HVAC equipment shall be concealed within buildings or screened from public view. 627.2.12. Surface Parking and Parking Garages. Surface parking and parking structures shall conform to the following standards: 1. Ground level off-street parking is not permitted along frontages of primary streets. 2. Blank, unarticulated walls shall not be permitted for parking garage facades that are not lined with uses. Such facades shall have architectural treatments designed to be compatible with adjacent buildings. Ramps, stairwells and any other portion of a garage should be buffered with the use of decorative grilles and screens, landscaping, and other varied materials. 3. As provided in Section 627.2.7, liner uses are generally required on parking garages that front primary streets. When such liner uses are on primary streets for a minimum of 70% of the frontage, a parking structure may exceed seventy-five feet (75’) in height up to one hundred twenty-three feet (123’) in height. When required, ground level parking facilities must be lined with active uses. Upper level parking facilities that do not incorporate liner uses shall be setback no less than 85’ and shall not exceed a height of 50’. All other requirements provided herein shall apply. 627.2.13. Open Space. A minimum of ten (10) percent of the gross lot area shall be provided as open space as defined in Section 627, except as follows: 1. Since the intent of the district is to provide significant common public open space, the minimum open space requirement may be aggregated among parcels or lots under common ownership and located in a common location within the district. Such aggregation of open space shall be improved as provided in Section 627. 2. Pursuant to the District plat, dedicated open space platted within the District shall be allowed to be substituted for the requirements provided herein. Such platted open space shall be improved as provided in Section 627. 627.2.14. Off-street Parking. In recognition of the pedestrian oriented, mixed-use nature of the SD 27.2 District, it is anticipated that visitors to the District will park once and visit more than one destination. Therefore the required amount of off-street parking will be lower in the SD 27.2 District than in other Districts of the City. 1. Requirements. The off-street parking requirements shall be as follows: 1. For residential uses, one (1) space per dwelling unit

the District shall be allowed to be substituted for the requirements provided herein. Such platted open space shall be improved as provided in Section 627. 627.2.14. Off-street Parking. In recognition of the pedestrian oriented, mixed-use nature of the SD 27.2 District, it is anticipated that visitors to the District will park once and visit more than one destination. Therefore the required amount of off-street parking will be lower in the SD 27.2 District than in other Districts of the City. 1. Requirements. The off-street parking requirements shall be as follows: 1. For residential uses, one (1) space per dwelling unit 2. For hotel or motel uses, one (1) space per three (3) lodging units. 3. For theaters, one (1) space per each eight (8) fixed seats. 4. For all other uses, one (1) space per five hundred (500) square feet of gross floor area. There shall be no requirement when uses are within a one thousand (1,000) foot radius of a public parking facility with a capacity equal to or greater than the requirements provided herein. 2. Off site parking permitted. Notwithstanding the limitations of section 918, off-street parking requirements for all uses within the SD 27.2 District can be provided by parking facilities that are owned by a unit of local government, including a community development district, provided that the parking facilities: a) are located within the SD 27.2 District and b) have a capacity equal to or greater than the requirements provided herein. 627.2.15. Off-street Loading. The off-street loading requirements shall be as follows: 1. For residential uses: 1. Berth minimum to be twelve (12) by thirty-five (35) feet by fifteen (15) feet in height; 2. One (1) berth for every one hundred twenty (120) residential units or fraction thereof. 2. For non-residential uses: 1. Berth minimum to be twelve (12) by fifty-five (55) feet by fifteen (15) feet in height; 2. For non-residential floor area of twenty-five thousand (25,000) up to fifty thousand (50,000) square feet, one (1) berth total; 3. For non-residential floor area up to one hundred thousand (100,000) square feet, two (2) berths total; 4. For non-residential floor area up to two hundred fifty thousand (250,000) square feet, three (3) berths total; 5. For non-residential floor area up to five hundred thousand (500,000) square feet, four (4) berths total. Since it is intended to promote the most efficient use of land, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 922.1 and 922.4, the maneuvering of trucks within the public right of way for the purposes of off-street loading shall be allowed by a Class II Special Permit. 627.2.16. Sign Regulations. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 339/614 Signs within the district shall comply with the regulations of the C-2 Liberal Commercial District as provided in Article 10. See Article 10 for sign regulations and limitations. (Ord. No. 12480, § 2, 1-22-04; Ord. No. 12509, § 2, 3-25-04; Ord. No. 12724, § 2, 7-28-05) Editor’s note: Ord. No. 12724, § 2, adopted July 28, 2005, changed the title of

of Section 922.1 and 922.4, the maneuvering of trucks within the public right of way for the purposes of off-street loading shall be allowed by a Class II Special Permit. 627.2.16. Sign Regulations. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 339/614 Signs within the district shall comply with the regulations of the C-2 Liberal Commercial District as provided in Article 10. See Article 10 for sign regulations and limitations. (Ord. No. 12480, § 2, 1-22-04; Ord. No. 12509, § 2, 3-25-04; Ord. No. 12724, § 2, 7-28-05) Editor’s note: Ord. No. 12724, § 2, adopted July 28, 2005, changed the title of § 627.2 from “Buena Vista Yard West” to “Midtown Miami West.” The historical notation has been preserved for reference purposes. Appendix D - Miami Worldcenter MIAMI WORLDCENTER The Miami Worldcenter (hereinafter also referred to as the “Miami Worldcenter area”) is generally bounded by NE 2nd Avenue on the east, North Miami Avenue on the west, NE 11th Street on the north, and NE 6th Street on the south, excluding the areas generally described as “The Club District” and the “Network Access Point of the Americas (NAP Center)”. The boundaries are more specifically identified in Map 1, as included in the Development Standards. Section 1. MIAMI WORLDCENTER GOALS The conservation goals include conserving energy and reducing carbon dioxide emissions through improving pedestrian connectivity and encouraging walkability, multi-modal mass transit use, increased tree canopy, new public spaces, and green buildings. Section 1(a) The development goals include: 1. Establishing specific areas that are pedestrian-oriented and mixed-use. Increased density and intensity of use is encouraged due to the proximity of current and proposed transit service and appropriate building densities and land uses should occur within walking distance of transit stops. 2. Mantaining the future growth of dowtown infill redevelopment ensuring Miami's focus for the region's economic, civic, and cultural activities. 3. Creating a diversity of uses distributed throughout the selected specific area that enables a variety of economic activity, workplace, residential, and civic space. Civic and commercial activity should be embedded in the mixed-use District as identified in the Intent for the Park West Commercial-Residential Districts. 4. Reinforcing community identity through thoughtful placement of Civic and public gathering spaces. 5. Constructing buildings and landscaping that contribute to the physical definition of Thoroughfares as civic places. 6. Establishing a framework of transit and pedestrian systems that accomodates automobiles while respecting the pedestrian and the special form of public spaces. 7. Ensuring that private development contributes to infraestructure and promotes a pedestrian and transit friendly public and private realm of quality. Section 1(b) The Miami Worldcenter Development Standards (“Design Standards”) and the Miami Worldcenter Regu- lating Plan (“Regulating Plan”) provide more detailed clarification to the SD 16.3 Worldcenter area and are incorporated herein by reference. Section 2. EFFECT OF MIAMI WORLDCENTER AREA DESIGNATION. The Miami Worldcenter Development and the regulations herein shall supplant those otherwise in conflict with the Miami 21 code. Unless stated otherwise herein, these regulations supersede any provisions of the Miami 21 code.

form of public spaces. 7. Ensuring that private development contributes to infraestructure and promotes a pedestrian and transit friendly public and private realm of quality. Section 1(b) The Miami Worldcenter Development Standards (“Design Standards”) and the Miami Worldcenter Regu- lating Plan (“Regulating Plan”) provide more detailed clarification to the SD 16.3 Worldcenter area and are incorporated herein by reference. Section 2. EFFECT OF MIAMI WORLDCENTER AREA DESIGNATION. The Miami Worldcenter Development and the regulations herein shall supplant those otherwise in conflict with the Miami 21 code. Unless stated otherwise herein, these regulations supersede any provisions of the Miami 21 code. Section 3. WARRANT Section 3 (a) A warrant shall be required prior to the issuance of a building permit for: (1) any development which seeks a deviation from the standards in this Appendix D: (2) a development which substantially affects the height, mass, location or exterior configuration of any existing building; (3) or the construction of a new building; or (4) the implementation of signage, awnings, fences or any other improvement visible from a public right-of-way. Section 3(b) The purpose of the Warrant shall be to ensure conformity of future development applications with Appendix D, as amended, keeping in mind the expressed intent of the Southeast West Commercial-Residential Districts, with the general considerations listed in Article 4, Table 12 and with the special considerations AMENDMENTS TO MIAMI 21 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13235 11-18-2010 Minor and non-substantial modifications throughout the Code 10-00956zt 13114 02/12/2015 Modify certain design standards; containing a severability clause; and providing for an effective date. 08-01015ztl 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 340/614 contained in the Miami Worldcenter Development Standards incorporated herein by reference. A Traffic Study shall only be required in connection with: ( 1) an original Warrant application for a new Building: or (2) modifications to approved Buildings where the proposed use(s} is substantially different from that originally approved. Section 3(c) Special District Permit Minor Modifications & Modifications to Approvals (1) Unless otherwise required by these Development Standards. as amended, the Zoning Code of the City of Miami, as amended, or the Florida Building Code, as amended, these Development Standards may be modified by the Planning Director, or his or her designee, pursuant to a Special District Permit ("Special District Permit"). The Zoning Administrator, or his or her designee, may waive or modify any provision of these Development Standards, up to ten percent {10%}, by Special District Permit, except Density, Intensity or Height, on a case by case basis. when doing so will promote the intent of the Miami Worldcenter or these Development Standards. All applications for a Special District Permit shall be submitted in writing to the Zoning Administrator. detailing the need for the modification or correction. as the case may be. together with a fee detailed in the City's adopted fee schedule. Special District Permit applications shall be reviewed by the Zoning Administrator within fifteen (15) days of submission. and shall be referred to the Planning Director, or his or her designee.

by Special District Permit, except Density, Intensity or Height, on a case by case basis. when doing so will promote the intent of the Miami Worldcenter or these Development Standards. All applications for a Special District Permit shall be submitted in writing to the Zoning Administrator. detailing the need for the modification or correction. as the case may be. together with a fee detailed in the City's adopted fee schedule. Special District Permit applications shall be reviewed by the Zoning Administrator within fifteen (15) days of submission. and shall be referred to the Planning Director, or his or her designee. within five {5) days after the expiration of the initial fifteen (15} day review period. If the requested relief or modification to these Development Standards is determined to be in compliance with the intent of these Development Standards, the Planning Director shall approve the Special District Permit. Special District Permit applications may be filed in connection with a new building or fn connection with the modification of a previously issued approval, including, but not limited to a Warrant. (2) The Planning Director. or his or her designee. may authorize variations or modifications to this Ordinance. including these Development Standards, up to a maximum of twenty percent (20%) by Warrant, on a case by case basis, when such variation would promote the intent of these Development Standards. or is otherwise found by the Planning Director to be appropriate given the particular facts and circumstances of the Warrant application. (3) An applicant may modify a Warrant or Special District Permit approved under this Appendix. as a minor modification through the Special District Permit process. Minor Modifications include: 1. Those changes that meet these Appendix D regulations: or 2. Changes in the project phasing: or 3. An increase in height not exceeding five percent (5%) of the approved height: in no instance can such increase exceed the twenty percent (20%) cumulative increase available by Warrant in Appendix D, as amended: or 4. Projects with and FLR up to 20,000 square feet may receive adjustments in glazing up to 80% to meet net-zero building standards. Proposed net-zero Building performance shall be a minimum LEED Gold certification and comply with applicable sections of the Florida Building Code including but not limited to natural light requirements. In the event that the modification is determined to be "not minor," a new Warrant shall be required. Modification available under this Section 3(c) shall not be applicable to the Building Configuration contained in Section 9(a). Section 4 FLEXIBLE ALLOCATION OF DEVELOPMENT CAPACITY Property within the Miami Worldcenter area may be subject to a Covenant(s) in Lieu of Unity of Title in a form approved by the City and the City Attorney ("Covenant in Lieu"), which permits flexible allocation of Density and Intensity for sites within the Miami Worldcenter area so long as the overall height and mass distribution does not result in development out of scale or character within the permitted Building envelope(s). The Covenant in Lieu shall be

under this Section 3(c) shall not be applicable to the Building Configuration contained in Section 9(a). Section 4 FLEXIBLE ALLOCATION OF DEVELOPMENT CAPACITY Property within the Miami Worldcenter area may be subject to a Covenant(s) in Lieu of Unity of Title in a form approved by the City and the City Attorney ("Covenant in Lieu"), which permits flexible allocation of Density and Intensity for sites within the Miami Worldcenter area so long as the overall height and mass distribution does not result in development out of scale or character within the permitted Building envelope(s). The Covenant in Lieu shall be consistent with the land development regulations for the Miami Worldcenter area, or the adjacent areas, and the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan. Sufficient FLR must be allocated to build structures a minimum of two (2) stories on all parcels except Open Space and Civic Space sites, Section 5. DEFINITIONS For the purpose of the Miami Worldcenter area, the following definitions shall apply: Terms not defined herein shall have the meaning provided in Miami 21 Article 1 (“Zoning Ordinance”). Accessway: An ingress/egress easement for pedestrian and vehicular access as designated by a recorded plat deed, or other legal instrument. Arcade: A covered pedestrian outdoor space along any side of a Building at the ground level that is open on three sides and has a minimum width of fifteen (15) feet, which may provide access to shops along one (1) or more sides, per the Development Standards. Architectural Screening Layer: An architectural treatment along the face of a building facade intended to conceal all internal building elements such as ramping, plumbing pipes, fans, ducts, ceilings, slab edges, and lighting. An Architectural Screening Layer is required for any parking garage or portion thereof that is not concealed by a Liner. Civic Space: An outdoor area provided or dedicated for public use in perpetuity by fee title or easement. Civic Space types are defined by the combination of certain physical constants including the relationship between their intended use, their size, their landscaping and their enfronting buildings. See Table 2 of the Development Standards. Courtyard: Open space, partially defined by walls or buildings as regulated by the SD 16.3 Miami Worldcenter area. See Design Standards. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 341/614 Facade: The exterior wall of a building that is set along a Frontage Floorplate: The total indoor and outdoor Floor Area of any given Story of a Building, measured to the exterior of the wall, excluding balconies. Frontage: Lot face abutting a public space, such as a Thoroughfare, whether at the front, rear, or side of a lot. Gallery: A covered pedestrian area abutting any side of a building on the ground floor which may provide access along one or more sides of a building, Green Space: An outdoor Open Space, at grade, unroofed, landscaped and free of impervious surfaces. Infrastructure and Utilities: A facility related to the provision of roads, water and sewer lines, electrical, telephone and cable transmission, and all other utilities and

of a Building, measured to the exterior of the wall, excluding balconies. Frontage: Lot face abutting a public space, such as a Thoroughfare, whether at the front, rear, or side of a lot. Gallery: A covered pedestrian area abutting any side of a building on the ground floor which may provide access along one or more sides of a building, Green Space: An outdoor Open Space, at grade, unroofed, landscaped and free of impervious surfaces. Infrastructure and Utilities: A facility related to the provision of roads, water and sewer lines, electrical, telephone and cable transmission, and all other utilities and communication systems necessary to the functioning of a community. Layer, First: The area between Base Building Line and the required setback as shown in the Development Standards. Layer: A range of depth of a lot within which certain elements are permitted as regulated in the Miami Worldcenter area, as provided in the Development Standards. Liner: A building or part of a building with Habitable Space specifically designed to enfront a public space, masking a use that has no capacity to monitor public space, such as a parking lot, parking garage or storage facility. Master Sign Package: The Master Sign Package shall allow buildings exceeding 200,000 square feet of Building Floor Area, mixed use developments over four (4) stories, entertainment establishments, and Civil Support Uses exceeding 200,000 square feet of Buil.ding Floor Area greater flexibility in Sign regulations to result in a higher or specialized quality of design. A Master Sign Package shall include a plan view of each block indicating location of each sign type on each level and specifications for each sign type. Open Space: Any parcel or area of land or water, located at the ground level floor, essentially unimproved by permanent buildings, and any ground floor level area of Galleries, Arcades, and Paseos, as depicted in the Development Standards, which is set aside, dedicated, or otherwise designated or reserved for public use or enjoyment, or private use or enjoyment by the owners and occupants of land adjoining or neighboring such open spaces. Paseo: An access way limited to pedestrian and controlled vehicular access connecting streets, plazas, alleys, garages and other public use spaces. Paseos must have a minimum width of 20 feet and may be enclosed or otherwise secured. Paseos will remain open to the public during regular business hours but may be secured during non-business hours. Podium: That portion of a building up to the 129 feet, as measured from the average elevation of the crown of the adjacent right-of-way. Porte Cochere: A vehicular entrance/drop-off area that includes a canopy element and a driveway that extends into the First Layer. Public Benefits Bonus: An advantage that allows a developer to increase FLR by an additional 50% of FLR capacity within the Miami Worldcenter are in exchange for the developer’s contribution to specified programs that provide benefit, advantages, and increased use and enjoyment of the district to the public. Public Parking: A structured parking facility or portion

Podium: That portion of a building up to the 129 feet, as measured from the average elevation of the crown of the adjacent right-of-way. Porte Cochere: A vehicular entrance/drop-off area that includes a canopy element and a driveway that extends into the First Layer. Public Benefits Bonus: An advantage that allows a developer to increase FLR by an additional 50% of FLR capacity within the Miami Worldcenter are in exchange for the developer’s contribution to specified programs that provide benefit, advantages, and increased use and enjoyment of the district to the public. Public Parking: A structured parking facility or portion thereof or garage available to the general public for parking motor vehicles and bicycles. Signature Tower: The Miami Worldcenter Signature Tower shall be a distinct and unique Tower to be located on Tract A of the Miami Worldcenter Plat which shall front on NE 1st Avenue and maintain a minimum distance of 100 feet from any other Tower located on Tract A as shown on the Regulating Plan within the Development Standards. Special District Permit: The Special District Permit shall be an administrative permit as described in Section 3(c) of this Article. Stepback: Offset in the facade of the Podium as depicted in the Development Standards. Street Corridor: The space defined by the Streetwall (building facades) and the ground plane in between the Streetwalls. Streetscape: The urban element that establishes the major part of the public realm. The streetscape is composed of Thoroughfares (travel lanes for vehicles, parking lanes for cars, and sidewalks or paths for pedestrians) as well as the amenities of the Frontages (street trees and plantings, benches, street- lights, paving, street furniture, Building Facades and elevations, yards, fences, etc.). Streetscreen: A freestanding wall no greater than eight feet high built along the Frontage Build-to line, or co- planar with the Facade, often for the purpose of masking a parking lot from the Thoroughfare. Streetwall: Refers to the facades of buildings that face a Thoroughfare, as provided in the Development Standards. Streetwalls shape the level of visual interest on each block and create a sense of enclosure for pedestrians. A streetwall height is measured from the average grade of the sidewalk level to the first building Setback from the Base Building Line, as shown in the Development Standards. Tract A: The area encompassed and depicted in the Miami Worldcenter Plat and generally bounded by NE 10th Street on the north, NE 7th Street on the south, NE 2nd Avenue on the east, and NE 1st Avenue on the west and as shown on the Regulating Plan in the Development Standards. Thoroughfare: A vehicular way incorporating travel lanes for vehicles, parking lanes for cars, and sidewalks or paths for pedestrians as part of an interconnected network for vehicular and pedestrian mobility. Tower: That portion of a building that extends above the Podium, excluding Roof Structures as described in the Development Standards. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 342/614 Section 6. LOTS AND FRONTAGES Section 6 (a) Buildable sites shall Enfront

the north, NE 7th Street on the south, NE 2nd Avenue on the east, and NE 1st Avenue on the west and as shown on the Regulating Plan in the Development Standards. Thoroughfare: A vehicular way incorporating travel lanes for vehicles, parking lanes for cars, and sidewalks or paths for pedestrians as part of an interconnected network for vehicular and pedestrian mobility. Tower: That portion of a building that extends above the Podium, excluding Roof Structures as described in the Development Standards. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 342/614 Section 6. LOTS AND FRONTAGES Section 6 (a) Buildable sites shall Enfront a vehicular Thoroughfare, or Civic Space with at least one Frontage, as depicted in the Development Standards. Section 6 (b) For the purposes of the Miami Worldcenter area, lots are divided into Layers which control development on the lot. Section 7. MEASUREMENT OF HEIGHT Section 7 (a) Unless otherwise specified herein, the Height of Buildings shall be measured in Stories. The Height of fences, walls and hedges shall be measured in feet. The Height of Building facades facing the street, fences, walls, and hedges shall be measured from the Average Sidewalk Elevation or Base Flood Elevation as established by FEMA. Section 7 (b) Story is a habitable level within a Building. Except as otherwise provided in this Ordinance, the maximum Height of a Story from finished floor to finished floor is 14 feet. Basements that are fully below-grade are not considered Stories for the purposes of determining Building Height. Section 7 (b)(1) A ground level retail Story may exceed the 14 foot limit up to 25 feet. Where the first two (2) Stories contain retail uses, the maximum combined Height shall be limited to 40 feet and the first floor shall be a minimum of 14 feet. Where the first three stories are retail, their total maximum combined Height shall be 60 feet and the ground floor and second floor shall be a maximum of 40 feet in combined floor to floor Height. The three retail floors shall be counted as 3 Stories, and the total finished floor to finished floor Height of the Podium shall not exceed 129 feet. Section 7 (b)(2) Single floors within a Podium above ground level used for public functions, such as ballrooms, meeting rooms, convention halls, classrooms, lecture rooms, theaters, and sports facilities may have a single Story floor to floor Height up to a maximum of 60 feet. The total finished floor to finished floor Height of the Podium shall not exceed 129 feet. Section 7 (b)(3) Mezzanines are permitted. Mezzanines larger than thirty-three percent (33%) of the Floor Area of the Floorplate below shall be counted as an additional floor. Section 7 (b)(4) A Parking Structure or a portion of a structure containing parking, concealed by a Liner or Architectural Screening Layer may be equal to the Height of the Podium, without regard for the number of Stories in the Parking Structure as further defined in the Development Standards. Section 7 (c)

a maximum of 60 feet. The total finished floor to finished floor Height of the Podium shall not exceed 129 feet. Section 7 (b)(3) Mezzanines are permitted. Mezzanines larger than thirty-three percent (33%) of the Floor Area of the Floorplate below shall be counted as an additional floor. Section 7 (b)(4) A Parking Structure or a portion of a structure containing parking, concealed by a Liner or Architectural Screening Layer may be equal to the Height of the Podium, without regard for the number of Stories in the Parking Structure as further defined in the Development Standards. Section 7 (c) Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall conform to Table 3 and to the Development Standards. First-floor elevation shall be at average Sidewalk grade. A first level Residential use or Lodging use shall be raised a minimum of two (2) feet and a maximum of three and a half (3.5) feet above average street grade, except that entrance lobbies and public spaces may be at sidewalk level. Section 7 (c)(1) Except as specifically provided herein, the Height limitations of the Miami Worldcenter area shall not apply to (1) any Structures for housing elevators, stairways, tanks, ventilating fans or similar equipment required to operate and maintain the Building (provided that such Structures shall not cover more than twenty-five percent (25%) of roof area; (2) water towers, flagpoles, vents, or similar Structures, which may be allowed to exceed the maximum Height by Warrant; or (3) fire or parapet walls. Trellises may extend above the maximum Height up to fourteen (14) feet. Section 7 (c)(2) Except as provided in Subsection (d), there shall be no Height or coverage limits for (1) non- functional decorative architectural elements, and (2) solar or wind energy collectors. Section 7 (d) No Building or other Structure shall be located in a manner or built to a Height which constitutes a hazard to aviation or creates hazards to persons or property by reason of unusual exposure to aviation hazards. In addition to any Height limitations established by the Miami Worldcenter area, limitations established by the Miami-Dade County Height Zoning Ordinance as stated in Article 37 of the Code of Miami-Dade County (Miami International Airport), as may be amended from time to time, shall apply to Heights of Buildings and Structures. A letter authorizing clearance from the Miami-Dade Aviation Department and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) shall be required by the Zoning Administrator prior to the issuance of any Building permit. Section 8. BUILDING DISPOSITION Section 8 (a) Improvements on newly platted lots shall be dimensioned according to Table 3 of the Development Standards Section 8 (b) Lot coverage by any Building shall not exceed that shown in Table 3 of the Development Standards. Section 8 (c) Buildings shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of their lots according to Table 3 of the Development Standards. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 343/614 Section 8 (d) Buildings shall have their principal pedestrian entrances on a Frontage or from

required by the Zoning Administrator prior to the issuance of any Building permit. Section 8. BUILDING DISPOSITION Section 8 (a) Improvements on newly platted lots shall be dimensioned according to Table 3 of the Development Standards Section 8 (b) Lot coverage by any Building shall not exceed that shown in Table 3 of the Development Standards. Section 8 (c) Buildings shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of their lots according to Table 3 of the Development Standards. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 343/614 Section 8 (d) Buildings shall have their principal pedestrian entrances on a Frontage or from a Courtyard at the Second Layer as depicted in the Development Standards. Section 8 (e) For the first two (2) Stories, Facades shall be along the Frontage a minimum of seventy percent (70%) of its length on the addressing the Setback Line as shown in Table 3 and in the Development Standards. Section 8 (f) At the first Story, Facades along a Frontage shall have frequent doors and windows as provided in the Development Standards. Vehicular entries should be minimized to the maximum extent possible consistent with the level of use and shall occur at a minimum spacing of sixty (60) feet unless a shorter distance is approved by warrant. Section 8 (g) Setbacks from the Base Building Line for Buildings shall be as shown in Table 3 of the Development Standards. Setbacks from the Base Building Line may be adjusted to conform to an existing adjacent building location by Warrant. Frontage Setbacks from the Base Building Line above the eighth floor for lots having one dimension measuring one hundred (100) feet or less may be a minimum of zero (0) feet by Warrant. Lots abutting the FEC Railway and the Metromover rail may have a zero (0) foot Setback for the Podium and Tower. The Frontage Setback from the Base Building Line shall not be required for a Frontage facing a Pedestrian Promenade, Plaza, Civic Space or a Street Corridor 90 feet or greater in width, as provided in the Regulating Plan and Development Standards. A heavily landscaped and Streetscreened outdoor vehicle storage area may be located on NE 10th Street between North Miami Avenue and NE 1st Avenue, by Warrant, having a reduced parking placement Setback of only ten (10) feet on all frontages. Section 8 (h) Above the podium, minimum Tower spacing is sixty (60) feet, except the Signature Tower which shall be spaced a minimum of one hundred feet (100), Tower to Tower. For lots having one dimension of one hundred (100) feet or less along a street Frontage or its longest depth, side and rear Setbacks from non-Frontage lot lines above the Podium may be reduced to a zero (0) feet by Warrant. Section 9. BUILDING CONFIGURATION Section 9 (a) Above the Podium, the maximum Tower Floorplate dimensions shall be limited as detailed below. Length of Building shall be measured parallel to the Frontage Line. a. 20,000 square feet for residential uses b. 30,000 square

the Signature Tower which shall be spaced a minimum of one hundred feet (100), Tower to Tower. For lots having one dimension of one hundred (100) feet or less along a street Frontage or its longest depth, side and rear Setbacks from non-Frontage lot lines above the Podium may be reduced to a zero (0) feet by Warrant. Section 9. BUILDING CONFIGURATION Section 9 (a) Above the Podium, the maximum Tower Floorplate dimensions shall be limited as detailed below. Length of Building shall be measured parallel to the Frontage Line. a. 20,000 square feet for residential uses b. 30,000 square feet for Commercial Uses and for parking. c. Vertical mixed-use buildings with at least ten percent (10%) of the Tower floors having Commercial Uses may use the 30,000 square foot Floorplate average for the entire Tower. d. 200 linear feet maximum Tower length of a side for Commercial uses or Residential uses e. 22,500 square feet for Residential Uses and 225 linear feet maximum Tower Floorplate length of a side for Residential Uses on Tract A. f. The Signature Tower may contain a Floorplate of up to 27,500 square feet and may have a maximum tower length of 275 linear feet. Section 9 (b) Projections into the First Layer shall be as follows: Above the first story, up to ½ of the Streetwall Façade may project up to 6 feet into the First layer; Entry canopies may project up to one hundred percent (100%) of the depth of the First Layer, except as may be further allowed by Chapter 54 of the City Code; Canopies and cantilevered awnings may project into the First Layer; Above the first Story, cantilevered balconies and bay windows may project a maximum 6 feet into the First Layer; Above the Streetwall, balconies and bay windows may project up to 6 feet into the setback from the Streetwall; Roof cantilevers, trellises and crowns may project up to 15 feet into the First Layer and be elevated one story above the roof terrace; and, Facade components promoting energy efficiency such as shading and Screening devices that are non-accessible may project a maximum of 4 feet into the First Layer. Section 9 (c) Galleries and Arcades shall be a minimum of 15 feet wide, except where the Gallery or Arcade is located uner the Miami-Dade County Transit System then the Gallery or Arcade may be reduced in conformance with that permitted by the Miami-Dade County Transit Authority. The height of an arcade, measured to its lowest point, shall be no less than its width. Section 9 (d) All outdoor storage, electrical, plumbing, mechanical, and communications equipment and appurtenant enclosures shall be located within the Second or Third Layer and concealed from view from any Frontage or Sidewalk by Liner Buildings, walls, Streetscreens, or opaque gates. Section 9 (e) Loading Docks and service areas shall be internal to the building served. Required loading Spaces may be reduced by process of Warrant upon submittal of a shared service management plan.

with that permitted by the Miami-Dade County Transit Authority. The height of an arcade, measured to its lowest point, shall be no less than its width. Section 9 (d) All outdoor storage, electrical, plumbing, mechanical, and communications equipment and appurtenant enclosures shall be located within the Second or Third Layer and concealed from view from any Frontage or Sidewalk by Liner Buildings, walls, Streetscreens, or opaque gates. Section 9 (e) Loading Docks and service areas shall be internal to the building served. Required loading Spaces may be reduced by process of Warrant upon submittal of a shared service management plan. Vehicular entries to loading docks and service areas shall be as provided in the Development Standards, Parking, Loading, and Service Access Diagram. Section 9 (f) All ground floor utility infrastructure and mechanical equipment shall be concealed from public view. At the building Frontage, all equipment such as backflow preventers, Siamese connections, and the like shall be placed within the line of the Facade or behind the Streetscreen. Exhaust air fans and louvers may be allowed on the Facade only above the second floor as described in the Development Standards, Service and Utilities. Rooftop equipment, except antennas, shall be screened from lateral view. Section 9 (g) Within the Second and Third Layers, fences, walls and hedges shall not exceed a height of eight (8) feet; this limitation shall not apply on top of the Podium. Section 10. BUILDING USE & DENSITY 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 344/614 Section 10 (a) Principal and accessory uses of Buildings shall conform to Article 4, Table 3, Building Function: Uses for T6-O, Urban Core. All uses permitted by Right (R), shall continue to be permitted by Right. Open Air Retail (excluding Flea Markets), Large Scale Retail Establishment, College/University, and Community Facilites shall also be permitted by Right. Alcohol Beverage Establishments shall be permitted pursuant to Chapter 4 of the City Code. All other uses shall conform to the necessary approval as described in Article 4, Table 3. Section 10 (b) Densities are permitted in accordance with Article 4, Diagram 9, Residential Density Increase Areas within the Park West District, as amended. Lot area, inclusive of dedications, is used for purposes of calculating Density and Intensity. Intensities shall be equivalent to the following: Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) 18/50% Additional Public Benefit Section 11. PARKING STANDARDS Section 11 (a) The required parking shall be calculated based on the Habitable Rooms of Each Use as follows: Retail and Commercial 1 space / 1000 sf 1 space / 300 sf Office 1 space / 1000 sf 1 space / 600 sf Residential 1 space / dwelling unit 2 spaces / dwelling unit Hotel 1 space / 4 guest rooms 1.5 spaces / guest room Other 1 space / 1000 sf 1 space / 600 sf Theater 1 space / 7 seats 1 space / 3 seats Section 11 (b) On-street parking in the Miami Worldcenter area shall count toward the minimum parking requirements. Section 11 (c) For residential uses

the Habitable Rooms of Each Use as follows: Retail and Commercial 1 space / 1000 sf 1 space / 300 sf Office 1 space / 1000 sf 1 space / 600 sf Residential 1 space / dwelling unit 2 spaces / dwelling unit Hotel 1 space / 4 guest rooms 1.5 spaces / guest room Other 1 space / 1000 sf 1 space / 600 sf Theater 1 space / 7 seats 1 space / 3 seats Section 11 (b) On-street parking in the Miami Worldcenter area shall count toward the minimum parking requirements. Section 11 (c) For residential uses located within 1,000 feet of an existing Metromover stop, no off-street parking is required. Parking may be reduced as described in Article 4, Table 4 of Miami 21, as may be amended. Section 11 (d) Vehicular parking and loading shall be required as shown in Table1 of the Development Standards. Section 11 (e) Required Parking and loading shall be accessed as detailed on the Parking, Loading, and Service Access Diagram of the Development Standards unless approved by Warrant. Section 11 (f) All parking, including open parking areas, covered parking, garages, Loading Docks and service areas shall either be located within the Third Layer or shall be masked from the Frontage by (1) an architectural screening layer per Sec. 12 (d) below, (2) a Liner Building or (3) Streetscreen, as illustrated in the Development Standards and in design to be approved by the Planning Director. Underground parking may extend into the Second and First Layers only if it is fully underground and does not require raising the first-floor elevation of the First and Second Layers above that of the sidewalk. Ramps to underground parking shall be within the Second or Third Layers. Section 11 (g) The vehicular entrance of a parking lot or garage on a Frontage shall be no wider than 45 feet and the minimum distance between vehicular entrances shall be sixty (60) feet. Section 12. ARCHITECTURAL STANDARDS Section 12 (a) Only permanent structures shall be allowed. Temporary structures such as mobile homes, construction trailers, travel trailers, recreational vehicles and other temporary structures shall not be allowed except as otherwise provided by Chapter 62 if the City Code. Section 12 (b) The Facades on Retail Frontage lines shall be detailed as storefronts and glazed with clear glass begin- ning no more than 30 “ above the sidewalk and extending no less than seventy percent (70%) of the length of the sidewalk-level Story and any second floor facade containing pedestrian active use as provided in the Development Standards, except retail establishments with a ground floor area of 35,000 square feet, or more shall be detailed as storefronts and glazed with clear glass beginning no more than 30" above the sidewalk and extending no less than fifty percent (50%) of the length of the unencumbered Facade. Display Windows on Retail Frontage Lines must be a minimum of three (3) feet in depth, must include three-dimensional displays, should include visibility into the

no less than seventy percent (70%) of the length of the sidewalk-level Story and any second floor facade containing pedestrian active use as provided in the Development Standards, except retail establishments with a ground floor area of 35,000 square feet, or more shall be detailed as storefronts and glazed with clear glass beginning no more than 30" above the sidewalk and extending no less than fifty percent (50%) of the length of the unencumbered Facade. Display Windows on Retail Frontage Lines must be a minimum of three (3) feet in depth, must include three-dimensional displays, should include visibility into the retail space and must be accessible from the insides stated herein. Security screens shall be seventy percent (70%) open. Section 12 (c) Roof materials should be light-colored, high albedo or planted surface and shall be designed in accordance with the regulations in Section 3.13.2 of Miami 21. Section 12 (d) The Façade of a parking garage that is not concealed behind a Liner shall be screened behind an Architectural Screening Layer along the Façade to conceal all internal elements such as plumbing pipes, fans, ducts, ceilings, slab edges and lighting, as illustrated in the Development Standards. The architectural expression shall complement and enhance the building. Ramping shall be internalized. Exposed spandrels shall be prohibited. Spandrels that are integrated into the wall system shall be permitted. Spandrels are considered to be integrated when there is no open space adjacent to the spandrel(s); the intent is to intregrate the spandrel into the wall system, and to screen interior elements form view. As depicted in the Development Standards, parking may 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 345/614 extend into the Second Layer above the second Story if an Architectural Screening Layer is provided for one hundred (100%) percent of that portion of the Podium Facade. Section 13. LANDSCAPE STANDARDS Section 13 (a) The First Layer shall be surfaced and landscaped as shown in the Development Standards. Section 13 (b) Open Space shall be a minimum ten percent (10%) of the total gross net lot area. A minimum of ten percent (10%) of the public open space shall be landscaped, as provided in the Development Standards. Section 14. SIGN STANDARDS Notwithstanding any other provision of the City code and Zoning Ordinance, signs shall be permitted in the Miami Worldcenter area in accordance with the Development Standards, and consistent with the intent of Article 10, Table 15 of Miami 21, as applicable to T6-O. Section 15. AMBIENT LIGHTING STANDARDS Section 15 (a) Average lighting levels measured at the Building Frontage shall not exceed two (2) foot-candles except where a greater level is approved by a Warrant. Section 15 (b) Streetlights shall be of a type illustrated in The Development Standards. Interior garage lighting fixtures shall not be visible from streets. Section 16. CIVIC SPACE At least twenty percent (20%) of the required open space in the Miami Worldcenter area shall be assigned to Civic Space, as described in Table 2 Development Standards. Section 17. ALLOWABLE INCREASES

15 of Miami 21, as applicable to T6-O. Section 15. AMBIENT LIGHTING STANDARDS Section 15 (a) Average lighting levels measured at the Building Frontage shall not exceed two (2) foot-candles except where a greater level is approved by a Warrant. Section 15 (b) Streetlights shall be of a type illustrated in The Development Standards. Interior garage lighting fixtures shall not be visible from streets. Section 16. CIVIC SPACE At least twenty percent (20%) of the required open space in the Miami Worldcenter area shall be assigned to Civic Space, as described in Table 2 Development Standards. Section 17. ALLOWABLE INCREASES IN FLR FOR PROVIDING PUBLIC BENEFITS Section 17 (a) The intent of this section is to provide bonus building capacity in the Miami Worldcenter area in exchange for the developer’s contribution to specified programs that provide benefit and enjoyment to the public. A bonus of an additional fifty percent (50%) of FLR capacity shall be permitted if the proposed development contributes to the specified programs below in the amount and manner set forth in Section 3.14 of the Zoning Ordinance. Section 17 (b) Sustainability All buildings in the Miami Worldcenter area shall be certified by the United States Green Building Council (USGBC), at a minimum, as LEED silver, or by an equivelant certification agency approved by the City, within a year after obtaining a certificate of occupancy or its equivelent. Section 18. In the event of a conflict between the text of Appendix D and the visual charts, graphics, and maps comprising the Development Standards, the text shall cont 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 346/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 347/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 348/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 349/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 350/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 351/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 352/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 353/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 354/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 355/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 356/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 357/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 358/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 359/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 360/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 361/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 362/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 363/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 364/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 365/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 366/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 367/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 368/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 369/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 370/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 371/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 372/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 373/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 374/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 375/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 376/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 377/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 378/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 379/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 380/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 381/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 382/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 383/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 384/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 385/614 10/24/24,

Print about:blank 369/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 370/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 371/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 372/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 373/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 374/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 375/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 376/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 377/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 378/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 379/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 380/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 381/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 382/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 383/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 384/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 385/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 386/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 387/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 388/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 389/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 390/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 391/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 392/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 393/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 394/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 395/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 396/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 397/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 398/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 399/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 400/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 401/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 402/614 Appendix E - Brickell City Centre AMENDMENTS TO MIAMI 21 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13279 7/28/2011 Special Area Plan for Brickell City Centre 11-00380ap 13369 3/28/2013 Special Area Plan Amendment for Brickell City Centre to add N2 block 11-00380ap1 13441 3/27/2014 Special Area Plan Amendment for 11-00380ap2 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 403/614 Regulating Plan SAP BRICKELL CITY CENTRE The Brickell City Centre is a mixed-use project in the heart of Brickell situated on seven main parcels totaling approximately 13.9 acres. The site is generally bounded by Brickell Avenue to the East, Southwest 1st Avenue to the West, Southeast 5th Street to the North and Southwest 8th Street to the South, further described in SAP-1.1. SAP 1.1 Legal Description Site 1: Brickell City Centre North Subject Property Legal Description: OTS 1 THROUGH 6, THE WEST HALF OF LOT 7, AND LOTS 9-14, BLOCK 107S, OF PATTERSON AND OLIVE SUBDIVISION, ACCORDING TO THE MAP OR PLAT BOOK B, AT PAGE 77, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA. LESS AND EXCEPT THAT PORTION OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED PARCEL CONVEYED BY RIGHT-OF-WAY DEED RECORDS IN OFFICIAL RECORDS BOOK 26161, PAGE 1547, PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA. Site 2: Brickell City Centre East Subject Property Legal Description: PARCEL I: LOTS 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, AND 15, IN BLOCK 106S, OF S.L. & J.B. PATTERSON AND J.F. AND B.T. OLIVE SUBDIVISION, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK B, AT PAGE 77, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA. LESS: THOSE PORTIONS OF LOTS 1, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, AND 15, BLOCK 106S, OF THE S.L. & J.B. PATTERSON AND J.F. AND B.T. OLIVE SUBDIVISION, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT BOOK THEREOF AS RECORDED

2: Brickell City Centre East Subject Property Legal Description: PARCEL I: LOTS 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, AND 15, IN BLOCK 106S, OF S.L. & J.B. PATTERSON AND J.F. AND B.T. OLIVE SUBDIVISION, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK B, AT PAGE 77, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA. LESS: THOSE PORTIONS OF LOTS 1, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, AND 15, BLOCK 106S, OF THE S.L. & J.B. PATTERSON AND J.F. AND B.T. OLIVE SUBDIVISION, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT BOOK THEREOF AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK B, AT PAGE 77, OF THE PUBLIC RECORD OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA, LYING IN

SECTION 38 , TOWNSHIP 54 SOUTH, RANGE 41 EAST, AND MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: Brickell City Centre to add One BCC block TBD TBD Special Area Plan Amendment for Brickell City Center to add the 650 S. Miami Avenue (SMA) block and the AP block TBD 14106 6/01/2022 Special Area Plan Amendment for Brickell City Center to allow alternate building configuration 12008 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 404/614 BEGIN AT THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF SAID LOT 9; THENCE RUN N02°16’51” W ALONG THE WESTERLY BOUNDARY OF SAID LOTS 9 AND 1, FOR A DISTANCE OF 299.90 FEET TO THE POINT OF INTERSECTION WITH THE NORTHERLY BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 1; THENCE RUN N87°47’15” E ALONG SAID NORTHERLY BOUNDARY OF LOT 1 FOR A DISTANCE OF 30.03 FEET TO A POINT OF CUSP AND CURVATURE OF A CIRCULAR CURVE CONCAVE TO THE SOUTHEAST AND HAVING A RADIUS OF 25.00 FEET AND A TANGENT BEARING OF S87°35’49” W; THENCE TURNING 180°, RUN WESTERLY, SOUTHWESTERLY AND SOUTHERLY ALONG SAID CURVE TO THE LEFT THROUGH A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 90°04’06” FOR AN ARC LENGTH OF 39.30 FEET TO A POINT OF TANGENCY ON A LINE THAT IS 5.00 FEET EASTERLY AND PARALLEL WITH THE WESTERLY BOUNDARY OF SAID LOTS 1 AND 9; THENCE RUN S02°16’51” E ALONG SAID LINE THAT IS 5.00 FEET EASTERLY AND PARALLEL TO SAID WESTERLY BOUNDARY OF LOTS 1 AND 9, FOR A DISTANCE OF 234.80 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF A CIRCULAR CURVE CONCAVE TO THE LEFT, THROUGH A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 90°07’20” FOR AN ARC DISTANCE OF 39.32 FEET TO THE POINT OF TANGENCY AND A POINT ON A LINE THAT IS 15.00 FEET NORTHERLY AND PARALLEL WITH THE SOUTHERLY BOUNDARY OF SAID LOTS 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, AND 15; THENCE RUN N87°35’49” E ALONG SAID LINE THAT IS 15.00 FEET NORTHERLY AND PARALLEL TO THE SOUTHERLY BOUNDARY OF LOTS 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, AND 15, FOR A DISTANCE OF 319.95 FEET TO A POINT ON THE EASTERLY BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 15; THENCE RUN S02°16’51” E ALONG SAID EASTERLY BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 15, FOR A DISTANCE OF 15.00 FEET TO THE SOUTHEAST CORNER OF SAID LOT 15; THENCE RUN S87°35’49” W ALONG SAID SOUTHERLY BOUNDARY OF LOTS 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, AND 15, FOR A DISTANCE OF 350.00 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING. Site 3: Brickell City Centre West SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION PARCEL I: LOTS 1, 2, 3 IN BLOCK S3S, OF AMENDED PLAT BOOK 38A AND THE NORTH 1/2 OF BLOCK 53S CITY OF MIAMI, ACCORDING TO PLAT THEREOF AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK 1, AT PAGE 74, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA. AND LOTS 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, AND 24, IN BLOCK 53S, OF MAP OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA; LESS THE SOUTH 10 FEET OF THE WEST 55 FEET OF SAID LOT 22 AND LESS THE SOUTH 10.00 FEET OF

City Centre West SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION PARCEL I: LOTS 1, 2, 3 IN BLOCK S3S, OF AMENDED PLAT BOOK 38A AND THE NORTH 1/2 OF BLOCK 53S CITY OF MIAMI, ACCORDING TO PLAT THEREOF AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK 1, AT PAGE 74, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA. AND LOTS 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, AND 24, IN BLOCK 53S, OF MAP OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA; LESS THE SOUTH 10 FEET OF THE WEST 55 FEET OF SAID LOT 22 AND LESS THE SOUTH 10.00 FEET OF SAID LOTS 16,17, 19, 20, AND 21. LESS: THAT PORTION OF LOT 22, BLOCK 53S, OF THE MAP OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK B, AT PAGE 41, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA., AND BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: BEGIN AT THE POINT OF INTERSECTION OF THE NORTHERLY RIGHT OF WAY LINE OF S.W. 8TH STREET WITH THE WESTERLY RIGHT OF WAY OF S. MIAMI AVENUE AS SHOWN ON THE FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION RIGHT OF WAY MAPS FOR

SECTION 87120 -2513; THENCE RUN SOUTH 87°42’43” WEST ALONG SAID NORTHERLY RIGHT OF WAY LINE FOR A DISTANCE OF 25 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING OF A CIRCULAR CURVE CONCAVE TO THE NORTHWEST AND HAVING FOR ITS ELEMENTS A RADIUS OF 25.00 FEET AND A TANGENT BEARING OF NORTH 87°42’43” EAST; THENCE RUN NORTHEASTERLY, NORTHERLY, AND NORTHWESTERLY ALONG THE ARC OF SAID CIRCULAR CURVE TO THE LEFT, THROUGH A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 89°59’34” FOR A DISTANCE OF 39.27 FEET TO THE POINT OF TANGENCY AND A POINT OF SAID WESTERLY RIGHT OF WAY LINE; THENCE RUN SOUTH 02°16’51” EAST ALONG SAID WESTERLY RIGHT OF WAY LINE FOR A DISTANCE OF 25.00 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING, PER RIGHT OF WAY DEDICATION, RECORDED IN OFFICIAL RECORDS BOOK 12159, PAGE 482 OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 405/614 PARCEL II: THE EAST 50 FEET OF LOTS 10, 11, AND 12 IN BLOCK 53A, AMENDED PLAT OF BLOCKS 38A AND THE NORTH HALF OF BLOCK 53S CITY OF MIAMI, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK 1, AT PAGE 74, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA. PARCEL III: THE EAST 50 FEET OF LOTS 13, 14, AND 15, BLOCK 53S, MAP OF MIAMI, DADE COUNTY, FLA., ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK B, AT PAGE 41, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA, LESS THE SOUTH 10 FEET THEREOF. Site 4: Brickell City Centre One BCC SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: Lot 1, Less the Easterly 5 feet thereof, Block 106A, of MARY BRICKELL'S ADDITION TO THE MAP OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book "B", Page 113, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. TOGETHER WITH: Lots 2, Less the Easterly 5 feet thereof, and all of Lots 3, 4, 12, 13, Block 106A, of MARY BRICKELL'S ADDITION TO THE MAP OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book "B", Page 113, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. TOGETHER WITH: Lots 14 and 15, of Block 106A, of MARY BRICKELL'S ADDITION TO THE MAP OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book "B", Page 113, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida; LESS AND EXCEPT therefrom that part thereof conveyed to the City of Miami for street and sidewalk purpose pursuant to that Warranty Deed recorded in Official Records Book 1790, Page 604, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, and being more particularly therein described as follows: Beginning at the Northeasterly corner of Lot 15, Block 106A, of the AMENDED MAP OF BRICKELL'S ADDITION TO THE MAP OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book "B", at Page 113, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida; thence run Southwardly along the Easterly line of Lots 15 and 14 of said Block 106A for a distance of 138 feet, more or

and sidewalk purpose pursuant to that Warranty Deed recorded in Official Records Book 1790, Page 604, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, and being more particularly therein described as follows: Beginning at the Northeasterly corner of Lot 15, Block 106A, of the AMENDED MAP OF BRICKELL'S ADDITION TO THE MAP OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book "B", at Page 113, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida; thence run Southwardly along the Easterly line of Lots 15 and 14 of said Block 106A for a distance of 138 feet, more or less, to the Southeasterly corner of said Lot 14; thence run Westwardly along the Southerly line of said Lot 14 for a distance of 30 feet to a point; thence run Eastwardly, Northeastwardly and Northwardly along the arc of a curve to the left, having a radius of 25 feet, through a central angle of 89°59'50" with an arc distance of 39.27 feet to a point of tangency; thence run Northwardly along a line 5 feet West of and parallel with the Easterly line of said Lots 14 and 15 for a distance of 113 feet to a point of intersection with the Northerly line of said Lot 15; thence run Easterly along the Northerly line of said Lot 15 for a distance of 5 feet to the Point of Beginning. Said lands situate, lying and being in Miami-Dade County, Florida. AND TOGETHER WITH: Lots 5, 6, 8, 8 1/2, 9, 10 and 11, Block 106A, "AMENDED MAP OF BRICKELLS ADDITION TO THE MAP OF MIAMI", according to the Plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book "B", Page 113 of the Public Records of Dade County, Florida, LESS therefrom a portion of the South 10 feet of said Lot 9 (as deeded to the City of Miami in Official Records Book 10551, Page 1004, of the Public Records of Dade County, Florida), said portion being more particularly described as follows: BEGINNING at the most Southwesterly corner of said Lot 9, said point of beginning being also on the North Right-of-Way Line of S.E. 8th Street; thence, along the West Line of said Lot 9, N.0°07'30"E. for 10.00 feet to its intersection with the North Base Building Line of said S.E. 8th Street; thence, along said Base Building Line, East for 10.61 feet to its intersection with the Northwesterly extension of the South Line of Block 106A; thence, along said South Line of said 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 406/614 Block 106A, S.74°39'31 "E. for 37.80 feet to a point on the Northerly Right-of-Way Line of said S.E. 8th Street; thence, along said Right-of-Way Line and along the South Line of said Lot 9, West for 47.08 feet to the POINT of BEGINNING. Site 5: Brickell City Centre N2 SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: LOTS 1 THROUGH 7, IN BLOCK 108 SOUTH, OF S.L. & J.B. PATTERSON AND J.F. & B.T. OLIVE SUBDIVISION, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF, AS RECORDED IN PLAT

the South Line of Block 106A; thence, along said South Line of said 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 406/614 Block 106A, S.74°39'31 "E. for 37.80 feet to a point on the Northerly Right-of-Way Line of said S.E. 8th Street; thence, along said Right-of-Way Line and along the South Line of said Lot 9, West for 47.08 feet to the POINT of BEGINNING. Site 5: Brickell City Centre N2 SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: LOTS 1 THROUGH 7, IN BLOCK 108 SOUTH, OF S.L. & J.B. PATTERSON AND J.F. & B.T. OLIVE SUBDIVISION, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF, AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK B, PAGE 77, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA; LESS AND EXCEPT THAT PORTION OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED PARCEL CONVEYED BY ORDER OF TAKING RECORDED IN OFFICIAL RECORDS BOOK 11810, PAGE 2274, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA. Site 6: 650 South Miami Avenue Parcel 1: A portion of Lot 18, in Block 38-A, AMENDED PLAT OF BLOCK 38-A AND THE NORTH HALF OF BLOCK 53-S, CITY OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 1 at Page 74 of the Public Records of Miami Dade County, Florida, more particularly described as follows: Beginning at the Southeast corner of said Lot 18, run South 87°37'17" West, along the South line of said Lot 18, for a distance of 50.01 feet to the Southwest corner of said Lot 18; thence run North 02°16'37" West, along the West line of said Lot 18 for a distance of 90.55 feet to a point; thence run North 55°10'03" East for a distance of 18.32 feet to a point of curve; thence run Northeasterly along the arc of a circular curve, concave to the Southeast, having a radius of 2856.29 feet, through a central angle of 00°49'08", for an arc distance of 40.83 feet to a point on the east line of said Lot 18; thence run South 02°16'38" East, along the East line of said Lot 18, for a distance of 122.05 feet to the Point of Beginning. Parcel 2: All of Lots 19, 20 and 21, Block 38-A of AMENDED PLAT OF BLOCK 38-A AND THE NORTH HALF OF BLOCK 53-S, CITY OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 1 at Page 74, of the Public Records of Miami Dade County, Florida. LESS AND EXCEPTING THEREFROM the following portion thereof, to wit: Commence at the Southwest corner of said Lot 19; thence run North 02°16'38" West, along the West line of said Lot 19, for a distance of 122.05 feet to the Point of Beginning of the herein described parcel; thence continue to run North 02°16'38" West, along the West line of said Lot 19, for a distance of 27.72 feet to the Northwest corner thereof; thence run North 87°37'22" East, along the north line of said Lot 19 and 20, for a distance of 53.56 feet; thence run South 60°17'00" West for a distance of 60.35 feet to

thereof, to wit: Commence at the Southwest corner of said Lot 19; thence run North 02°16'38" West, along the West line of said Lot 19, for a distance of 122.05 feet to the Point of Beginning of the herein described parcel; thence continue to run North 02°16'38" West, along the West line of said Lot 19, for a distance of 27.72 feet to the Northwest corner thereof; thence run North 87°37'22" East, along the north line of said Lot 19 and 20, for a distance of 53.56 feet; thence run South 60°17'00" West for a distance of 60.35 feet to the Point of Beginning. Parcel 3: Lots 22 and 23 and the South ½ of Lot 24, in Block 38-A of AMENDED PLAT OF BLOCK 38-A AND THE NORTH HALF OF BLOCK 53-S, CITY OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 1 at Page 74, of the Public Records of Miami Dade County, Florida. Parcel 4: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 407/614 The North ½ of Lot 24 in Block 38-A of AMENDED PLAT OF BLOCK 38-A AND THE NORTH HALF OF BLOCK 53-S, CITY OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 1 at Page 74, of the Public Records of Miami Dade County, Florida. Parcel 5: Lot 1, Block 38-A, OF AMENDED PLAT OF BLOCK 38-A AND THE NORTH HALF OF BLOCK 53-S, CITY OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 1 at Page 74, of the Public Records of Miami Dade County, Florida. Parcel 6: Tract "A", of 602 COMPLEX, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 139, at Page 41, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade, Florida. Site 7: AP Lot 6, in Block 38A, of AMENDED PLAT OF BLOCK 38A AND THE NORTH HALF OF BLOCK 53S, MAP OF MIAMI CO. FLA, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 1, at Page 74, Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, LESS that certain Right of Way for Bridge as recorded in Official Records Book 11897, Page 1864 and in Official Records Book 11913, Page 509, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida AND Tract "B" of 602 COMPLEX, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 139, Page 41, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade, Florida. AND Lot 4, Block E, SOUTH CITY OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book B, at Page 41, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. AND Begin at the Southwest corner of Lot 1, Block E, of SOUTH CITY OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, recorded in Plat Book B, Page 41, thence East 50 feet, thence North 100 feet to the North line of Lot 2 of said Block E South, thence run West 14.15 feet to the East line of S.W. Miami Avenue Road; thence Southwesterly along S.W. Miami Avenue Road 45.96 feet to the Northeast corner of

OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book B, at Page 41, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. AND Begin at the Southwest corner of Lot 1, Block E, of SOUTH CITY OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, recorded in Plat Book B, Page 41, thence East 50 feet, thence North 100 feet to the North line of Lot 2 of said Block E South, thence run West 14.15 feet to the East line of S.W. Miami Avenue Road; thence Southwesterly along S.W. Miami Avenue Road 45.96 feet to the Northeast corner of Lot 4 of said Block E South; thence South along the East line of Lot 4, Block E South, 71.31 feet more or less to the place of Point of Beginning; same being the West 50 feet of Lot 1 and the West fractional part of Lot 2, Block E of SOUTH CITY OF MIAMI, Plat Book B, Page 41, Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. AND A portion of Lots 1, 2, and 3, of Block E S, MAP OF MIAMI, according to the plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book B and Page 41, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, being more particularly described as follows: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 408/614 Commence at the Southwest Corner of Lot 4, of said Block E S; thence N48°58'24"E along the Southeasterly Right-of-Way Line of S.W. Miami Avenue Road for a distance of 160.14 feet to the Southwest Corner of said Lot 3; said point also being the POINT OF BEGINNING of the hereinafter described Parcel of land: thence N48°58'24"E continuing along said Right-of-Way Line for a distance of 49.43 feet to a point of curvature with a circular curve concave Southeasterly; thence Northeasterly to the right along the arc of said curve having for its elements a Radius of 25.00 feet, through a central angle of 23°38'04" for an arc distance of 10.31 feet to a point of tangency; thence N72°36'28"E for a distance of 9.39 feet to a point of intersection with the "Limits of Construction Line" as shown on the Dade County Public Works Department Right-of-Way Map Section No. 87513-2644 dated March 1981, Revised January 1983; thence S02°16'45"E along said "Limits of Construction Line" for a distance of 13.68 feet to a point of curvature convave Westerly; thence continuing along said "Limits of Construction Line" Southwesterly to the right along the arc of said curve having for its elements a Radius of 250.25 feet, through a central angle of 29°47'13" for an arc distance of 130.10 feet to a point of intersection with the South line of said Lot 1 being non-tangent to the aforementioned curve; thence S87°37'19"W along the South Line of said Lot 1 also being the North Right-of-Way line of SW 6th Street, for a distance of 9.50 feet; thence N02°17'41"W along the East line of the West 50.00 feet of said Lots 1 and 2 for a distance of 100.01 feet

Southwesterly to the right along the arc of said curve having for its elements a Radius of 250.25 feet, through a central angle of 29°47'13" for an arc distance of 130.10 feet to a point of intersection with the South line of said Lot 1 being non-tangent to the aforementioned curve; thence S87°37'19"W along the South Line of said Lot 1 also being the North Right-of-Way line of SW 6th Street, for a distance of 9.50 feet; thence N02°17'41"W along the East line of the West 50.00 feet of said Lots 1 and 2 for a distance of 100.01 feet to a point of intersection with the South line of said Lot 3; thence S87°37'19"W along said South line for a distance of 14.15 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING. AND A portion of Southwest 6th Street being more particularly described as follows: Begin at the Northwest corner of Lot 6 in Block 38A of AMENDED PLAT OF BLOCK 38A AND THE NORTH HALF OF BLOCK 53S, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 1 at Page 74, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida; thence North 87°37'27" East along the North line of said Lot 6, also being the South Right Of Way line of said Southwest 6th Street, also being the North line of Tract "B" of 602 COMPLEX, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 139 at Page 41 of said Public Records for 180.37 feet to the Northeast corner of said Tract "B", said corner lying and being on the Northwesterly Limited Access Right Of Way Line and a point on a circular curve, concave to the Northwest and whose radius point bears North 50°56'14" West; thence Northeasterly along said Limited Access Right Of Way Line and being a 255.25 foot radius curve, leading to the left, through a central angle of 07°05'10" for an arc distance of 31.57 feet to a point on a non-tangent line; thence North 28°54'02" East along said Limited Access Right Of Way line for 19.13 feet to a point on a circular curve, concave to the Northwest; thence Northeasterly along said Limited Access Right Of Way Line and being a 254.75 foot radius curve, leading to the left, through a central angle of 02°16'35" for an arc distance of 10.12 feet to a point on the North Right Of Way line of Southwest 6th Street; thence South 87°37'27" West along the South line of Lot 1 and Lot 4 of BLOCK E S, of MAP OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book B at Page 41, of said Public Records and said North Right Of Way Line for 153.71 feet to a point on the Southeasterly Right Of Way line of Southwest Miami Avenue Road, also being the Southwest corner of Lot 4; thence South 48°18'26" West for 78.91 feet to the Point of Beginning. SAP 1.4 Regulating Plan for Brickell City Centre BRICKELL CITY CENTRE Brickell City

6th Street; thence South 87°37'27" West along the South line of Lot 1 and Lot 4 of BLOCK E S, of MAP OF MIAMI, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book B at Page 41, of said Public Records and said North Right Of Way Line for 153.71 feet to a point on the Southeasterly Right Of Way line of Southwest Miami Avenue Road, also being the Southwest corner of Lot 4; thence South 48°18'26" West for 78.91 feet to the Point of Beginning. SAP 1.4 Regulating Plan for Brickell City Centre BRICKELL CITY CENTRE Brickell City Centre is a mixed-use project in the heart of Brickell situated on seven (7) parcels totaling approximately 13.9 acres. The site is located along S. Miami Avenue and bounded by S.W. 8th Street to south, S.E. 5 Street to the north, approximately S.W. 1st Avenue to the west, and approximately Brickell Avenue to the east. The project as presently built consists of two-levels of underground parking to support the 551,482 s.f. of retail that has been constructed on the West, East, and North blocks. The future One BCC, N2, 650 SMA and AP phases will expand the floor area of the retail to approximately 808,575 s.f. . The underground parking has been designed to internalize circulation and limit the impact of vehicular traffic on the adjacent roadway system. The internal circulation is achieved through the connection of the three (3) underground garages at the Basement 02 level via driveways beneath S. Miami Avenue and S.E. 7th Street. The underground parking garage will be expanded to connect to the future N2 phase, and may connect to the One BCC phase. In addition to the retail component, Brickell City Centre’s (“BCC”) program includes the development of approximately 2,358 residential units in six (6) towers, three of which are approximately 40 +/- stories in height on the BCC North, West and N2 parcels. A fourth tower, 80 stories tall, may be located on the One BCC parcel ("One BCC Mixed Use Tower"). The 650 SMA tower will be 54 stories and the AP tower will be 62 stories. In the first phase, 780 residential units have been constructed on the West and East blocks. A hotel, consisting of 352 hotel rooms, has been constructed on the BCC East parcel and a 120-room hotel is planned for the One BCC Mixed Use Tower. In total, 2,683 parking spaces have been constructed in the first phase and an additional 3,612 parking 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 409/614 spaces will be provided in the One BCC Mixed Use Tower, N2, 650 SMA and AP phases, for a total of 6,295 spaces, to support the retail, residential, hotel and office uses. Two office buildings on the West and East blocks, totaling 285,567 s.f., have been constructed in the first phase of BCC. Approximately 675,000 s.f. of office is proposed in the One BCC Mixed Use Tower, which may replace the office buildings currently and formerly located at

total, 2,683 parking spaces have been constructed in the first phase and an additional 3,612 parking 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 409/614 spaces will be provided in the One BCC Mixed Use Tower, N2, 650 SMA and AP phases, for a total of 6,295 spaces, to support the retail, residential, hotel and office uses. Two office buildings on the West and East blocks, totaling 285,567 s.f., have been constructed in the first phase of BCC. Approximately 675,000 s.f. of office is proposed in the One BCC Mixed Use Tower, which may replace the office buildings currently and formerly located at 700 Brickell Avenue, 710 Brickell Avenue and 799 Brickell Plaza, located immediately east of the Brickell City Center/8th Street MetroMover station. In addition to the above-listed programmatic elements, the project includes a number of significant features designed to enhance the public realm. Foremost among such elements is the climate ribbon that serves as unifying theme for the project, connecting the various parcels of Brickell City Centre and the project to the Miami River. The climate ribbon provides protection from the elements to patrons traveling along the open air corridors of the retail center and across the pedestrian connections that unify the site above the street. The climate ribbon also collects rainfall that is used for various water features on-site. The development of the One BCC parcel will bring the climate ribbon over the top of the 8 Street MetroMover station to the front door of Brickell Avenue. Based on the global changes to market conditions following the COVID-19 pandemic, redevelopment of the One BCC block may also proceed in a different configuration to attract premier office tenants ("One BCC Signature Office"). These market changes are precipitated by an inflow of new residents and businesses to Miami, primarily from urban areas in the Northeast U.S. and California. The resulting increase in investment activity has generated office space interest particularly from significant, global financial service and technology companies that do not traditionally have a presence in south Florida. The SAP allows for larger tower floorplates in a One BCC Signature Office design that will create opportunities for the types of workspaces, these office tenants demand. Such attributes include increased visibility, flexibility, efficiency, volumetric space, and strategic co-location. Additional public improvements constructed with the project include landscaping upgrades to the area under the MetroMover guideway for its use as a linear park that enhances the Brickell community’s connection with the Miami River. The project also made significant improvements to the Brickell City Center/8th Street MetroMover station which integrates the station with the project, improves station access, enhances MetroMover ridership (average weekday ridership is up 333% and average weekend ridership is up 814% from 2012 to 2018), and provides a multi-modal connection to the City of Miami Brickell Trolley line. The BCC project also included construction of the roundabout at 6 Street and South Miami Avenue, which has improved traffic circulation. Finally, Swire has agreed to contribute, and has made contributions, for improvements to

enhances the Brickell community’s connection with the Miami River. The project also made significant improvements to the Brickell City Center/8th Street MetroMover station which integrates the station with the project, improves station access, enhances MetroMover ridership (average weekday ridership is up 333% and average weekend ridership is up 814% from 2012 to 2018), and provides a multi-modal connection to the City of Miami Brickell Trolley line. The BCC project also included construction of the roundabout at 6 Street and South Miami Avenue, which has improved traffic circulation. Finally, Swire has agreed to contribute, and has made contributions, for improvements to the Underline at the Brickell Metrorail station. Other public benefits that will be provided with future phases include a temporary fire station on the N2 block. At the time the N2 block is constructed, a permanent fire station will be incorporated into the N2 building and during construction a temporary home for the fire station will be provided by BCC. BCC will also improve the pedestrian realm along 5 Street under the South Miami Avenue Bridge, which is the Miami River Greenway. Therefore, a visitor to the BCC project will be able to arrive via the MetroMover, walk along the MetroMover Greenway to 5 Street, then walk west along 5 Street, which is the Miami River Greenway. Finally, additional overhead pedestrian connections between the 650 SMA block and the West and North blocks as well as between the 650 SMA block and the AP block will be constructed as part of the 650 SMA/AP phase of the BCC project. BRICKELL CITY CENTRE GOALS A driving force behind Brickell City Centre is a desire to create a walkable urban center within the Brickell area that will reduce carbon dioxide emission and promote energy conversation. The project incorporates improved street and transit connections that encourage pedestrian enjoyment and mass transit use through increased tree canopy, use of green building techniques, and enhancements to existing mass transit facilities. The development goals include: A compact, pedestrian oriented and mixed use project designed to increase the use of current and proposed transit service. Facilitate the organized growth of downtown infill redevelopment ensuring that Miami remains the focus of the region’s economic, civic, and cultural activities. Provide a diversity of uses distributed throughout the Special Area Plan area which enables a variety of economic activity, workplace, residences and Civic Space types. Orient civic and public gathering spaces to reinforce community identity. Design buildings and landscape that contribute to the physical definition of Thoroughfares as civic places. Develop a proper framework that successfully accommodates automobiles while respecting the pedestrian and the special form of public spaces. Ensure that private development contributes to infrastructure and enriches a pedestrian and transit friendly public and private realm of the highest quality. The following new or revised terms shall only apply within the area designated as part of the Brickell City Centre Special Area Plan. Any regulation not modified herein shall be subject to the requirements of the Miami 21 Code

spaces to reinforce community identity. Design buildings and landscape that contribute to the physical definition of Thoroughfares as civic places. Develop a proper framework that successfully accommodates automobiles while respecting the pedestrian and the special form of public spaces. Ensure that private development contributes to infrastructure and enriches a pedestrian and transit friendly public and private realm of the highest quality. The following new or revised terms shall only apply within the area designated as part of the Brickell City Centre Special Area Plan. Any regulation not modified herein shall be subject to the requirements of the Miami 21 Code and any other applicable regulation. 1.1 DEFINITIONS OF BUILDING FUNCTION: USES th th th th 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 410/614 CIVIL SUPPORT Public Parking: A structured parking facility available to the general public for parking motor vehicles. The term Public Parking shall not include the use of surface parking lots for the parking of motor vehicles. 1.2 DEFINITIONS OF TERMS Climate Ribbon: A framed Structure, which is open on its sides, fixed and self-supporting and which may be located over private property or within the Public Right-of-Way. Design Guidelines: Plans, drawings, and diagrams submitted as part of the SAP. Display Window: A window of a Commercial establishment facing a Frontage used to display merchandise for sale on site and shall have sufficient dimensions to display products. Display Window(s) may not be used for the display of posters or other adverting materials unless accompanied by the product being offered. One BCC Mixed Use Tower: An allowable design for the One BCC block under the Second Amendment to the BCC SAP including residential, lodging, office, and commercial uses; as set forth in those plans prepared by Arquitectonica and stamped approved by the City's Hearing Boards Department on December 17, 2013, consisting of 75 pages. One BCC Signature Office: An allowable configuration for the One BCC block, which may utilize certain design flexibilities that provide for larger tower floorplates to create opportunities for the types of workspaces that premiere office tenants demand, including attributes such as increased visibility, flexibility, efficiency, volumetric space, and strategic co-location. Open Air Retail: A retail sales establishment operated substantially in the open air including, but not limited to: farmers market, vending carts/kiosks, and the like. Open Air Retail use is nonpermanent and mobile. Open Air Retail shall be located on private property and it shall not be located in an area that is classified as floor area. Open Space: Any parcel or area of land or water essentially unimproved by permanent Buildings, open to the sky and/or covered by a Climate Ribbon; such space shall be reserved for public or private Use. Open Spaces may include Parks, Greens, Squares, Courtyards, Gardens, Playgrounds, paseos (when designed predominantly for pedestrians), pedestrian paths or associated landscaped areas, and those areas covered by a Climate Ribbon. Parking, Off-Street: Any land area designed and used for parking motor vehicles including parking garages, driveways and garages serving residential uses, but excluding areas of

located in an area that is classified as floor area. Open Space: Any parcel or area of land or water essentially unimproved by permanent Buildings, open to the sky and/or covered by a Climate Ribbon; such space shall be reserved for public or private Use. Open Spaces may include Parks, Greens, Squares, Courtyards, Gardens, Playgrounds, paseos (when designed predominantly for pedestrians), pedestrian paths or associated landscaped areas, and those areas covered by a Climate Ribbon. Parking, Off-Street: Any land area designed and used for parking motor vehicles including parking garages, driveways and garages serving residential uses, but excluding areas of Thoroughfares and surface parking lots. Pedestal: Also known as podium. For the Brickell City Centre Special Area Plan parcels BCCN, BCCW and BCCE, that portion of a Building up to a maximum of 129 feet, for the One BCC and N2 parcels, that portion of a Building up to a maximum of 160 feet, for the 650 SMA parcel that portion of a Building up to a maximum of 129 feet (10 stories) and for the AP parcel that portion of a Building up to a maximum of 127 feet (12 stories) as depicted in the approved SAP plans and Design Guidelines. Regulating Plan: Modifications of the underlying Miami 21 Transect Zone regulations for the Lots included in this SAP. Retail Ribbon Sign: A sign emitting an illuminated message, image, design or combination thereof that is created electronically by any light source, LED (light emitting diodes) bare electric bulbs, luminous tubes, fiber optics, or any other combination of light sources creating a message. A Retail Ribbon Sign is classified as a Wall Sign. A Retail Ribbon Sign is not considered an Animated Sign or Flashing Sign. Special Area Plan (SAP): Also known as the Brickell City Centre project. Special Area Plan Permit (SAP Permit): A permit issued by the City which authorizes Development within an approved SAP. Terminated Vista: A location at the axial conclusion of a Thoroughfare or Pedestrian Passage. A Building located at a Terminated Vista designated on a Special Area Plan is required to be designed in response to the axis. 3.3 LOTS AND FRONTAGES 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 411/614 3.3.6 For new Buildings in Established Setbacks Areas, the Established Setback shall be maintained except as modified in the Brickell City Centre Special Area Plan. (See also Article 4, Diagram 10) Galleries and Arcades may be permitted within the First Layer in Established Setback Areas and shall not encroach the Public Right-of-Way except by Special Area Plan. Where a Gallery or Arcade is permitted, the Established Setback shall only be maintained if a Gallery or Arcade is provided. Where a Gallery or Arcade is not provided, the setback for the underlying Transect Zone shall be maintained. Established Setback Areas include: a. Brickell Financial 1. Boundary: All properties on Brickell Avenue between SE 15th Road and the Miami River. Brickell Avenue Setback: Thirty (30’) feet except the Southeast corner of the One BCC building which fronts Brickell

permitted within the First Layer in Established Setback Areas and shall not encroach the Public Right-of-Way except by Special Area Plan. Where a Gallery or Arcade is permitted, the Established Setback shall only be maintained if a Gallery or Arcade is provided. Where a Gallery or Arcade is not provided, the setback for the underlying Transect Zone shall be maintained. Established Setback Areas include: a. Brickell Financial 1. Boundary: All properties on Brickell Avenue between SE 15th Road and the Miami River. Brickell Avenue Setback: Thirty (30’) feet except the Southeast corner of the One BCC building which fronts Brickell may encroach into the 30' Brickell Avenue Setback by up to five (5') feet; Side and Rear: Ten (10') feet; 3.13 SUSTAINABILITY 3.13.1 General BCC LEED Certification BCC shall be certified by the United States Green Building Council (USGBC) as a Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design - Neighborhood Development (LEED-ND) project. Upon completion of the SAP process and prior to the construction of not more than 75% of the total square footage of the approved BCC project, the project shall obtain LEED-ND Stage 2 pre-certification in accordance with the LEED 2009 Rating System Stages of Certification adopted by the USGBC. Following approval of the LEED-ND Stage 2 pre-certification, the owner shall transmit a copy of the certificate issued by the USGBC confirming the pre-certification of BCC. At the time BCC applies for and obtains a building permit for any portion of the approved project, the applicant shall provide the City with the following: a. A LEED checklist; b. Proof of LEED registration; and c. An affidavit affirming the applicant’s intent to ensure that the project is certified by the USGBC, at a minimum, as LEED Silver. Upon completion of each of the approved BCC phases and issuance of certificates of occupancy for the same, the project shall apply for LEED-ND Stage 3 certification. Following successful completion of the certification process, BCC will obtain a certification plaque for public display and ensure that BCC is listed as a LEED-ND certified project on the USGBC website. At minimum, development within the SAP shall meet LEED-ND Silver certification. 3.14 PUBLIC BENEFITS PROGRAM 3.14.2 Upon providing a binding commitment for the specified public benefits as provided in Section 3.14.3 below, the proposed development project shall be allowed to build within the restrictions of the specific Transect Zone, up to the bonus Height and FLR as established in this Section. Square footage achieved through the bonus program via the Brickell City Centre SAP Public Benefits can be placed anywhere within the SAP. 3.14.3 The proposed bonus Height and FLR shall be permitted in exchange for contribution to the City for the following public benefits: affordable/workforce housing, Public Parks and Open Space, Green Buildings, Brownfields, and Civic Space or Civil Support space, and Brickell City Centre SAP Public Benefits. The City shall establish a Miami 21 Public Benefits Trust Fund for the cash contributions for Affordable/ Workforce Housing, Public Parks and Open Space, and Green

FLR as established in this Section. Square footage achieved through the bonus program via the Brickell City Centre SAP Public Benefits can be placed anywhere within the SAP. 3.14.3 The proposed bonus Height and FLR shall be permitted in exchange for contribution to the City for the following public benefits: affordable/workforce housing, Public Parks and Open Space, Green Buildings, Brownfields, and Civic Space or Civil Support space, and Brickell City Centre SAP Public Benefits. The City shall establish a Miami 21 Public Benefits Trust Fund for the cash contributions for Affordable/ Workforce Housing, Public Parks and Open Space, and Green Building certification shortfall penalty made under this section. The City Commission, upon the manager’s recommendation, shall annually decide the allocation of funds from the Trust Fund collected under this section. All cash contributions thus allocated by the Commission to support affordable/ workforce housing shall be deposited in the Affordable Housing Trust Fund for expenditures pursuant to the guidelines adopted by the City Commission. All cash contributions thus allocated by the Commission to support Parks and Open Space shall be deposited in the Parks and Open Space Trust Fund, set forth in Chapter 62 of the City Code, to be expended in accordance with the guidelines outlined therein. 3.14.4 For the purposes of the public benefits program, the following criteria shall apply: a. Brickell City Centre Public Benefits. The One BCC, 650 SMA and AP buildings are eligible for the bonus height and Floor Lot Ratio benefits due to the public benefits that the BCC project encompasses. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 412/614 The Brickell City Centre SAP Public Benefits are: 6 Street/Miami Avenue Roundabout (land costs) 6 Street/Miami Avenue Roundabout (engineering and construction costs) Eastward expansion of Metromover Station and direct connection to Brickell Avenue and into Brickell City Centre Above-grade pedestrian connection over Metromover Station Enhancement to Plazas on Brickell Avenue and Climate Ribbon Above-ground pedestrian connections across the public rights-of-way and between the Brickell City Centre parcels Temporary and permanent fire station on N2 block Improvements to the pedestrian realm along 5 Street underneath and adjacent to the South Miami Avenue bridge, facilitating access to the Miami River Greenway. Monetary contribution of $600,000 for improvements to the Underline near the Brickell Metrorail station. Heightened archeological monitoring requirements. The total costs of the public benefits for the Project are above and beyond the monetary payment which would be required under the Public Benefits Trust Fund regulations of Miami 21. Article 4, Table 5 BUILDING FUNCTION: PARKING AND LOADING th th th SHARED PARKING STANDARDS SHARING FACTOR The shared Parking Standards Table provides the method for calculating shared parking for buildings with more than one Use type. It refers to the parking requirements that appear in Table 4. The parking required for any two Functions on a Lot is calculated by dividing the number of spaces required by the lesser of the two uses by the appropriate factor from this Table and adding the result to the greater use parking

under the Public Benefits Trust Fund regulations of Miami 21. Article 4, Table 5 BUILDING FUNCTION: PARKING AND LOADING th th th SHARED PARKING STANDARDS SHARING FACTOR The shared Parking Standards Table provides the method for calculating shared parking for buildings with more than one Use type. It refers to the parking requirements that appear in Table 4. The parking required for any two Functions on a Lot is calculated by dividing the number of spaces required by the lesser of the two uses by the appropriate factor from this Table and adding the result to the greater use parking requirement. For instance: for a building with a Residential Use requiring 100 spaces and a Commercial Use requiring 20 spaces, the 20 spaces divided by the sharing factor of 1.2 would reduce the total requirement to 100 plus 17 spaces. For uses not indicated in this chart on a mixed use lot a sharing factor of 1.1 shall be allowed. Additional sharing is allowed by Warrant. Additional sharing is allowed by SAP Permit. OFF-STREET PARKING STANDARDS ANGLE PARKING ACCESS AISLE WIDTH • Driveways shall have a minimum of 10 feet of paved width of a one-way drive and 20 feet for a ONE WAY TRAFFIC ONE WAY TRAFFIC TWO WAY TRAFFIC 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 413/614 two-way drive for parking area providing 10 or more stalls. • Pedestrian entrances shall be at least 3 feet from stall, driveway or access aisle. • Allowable slopes, paving, and drainage as per Florida Building Code. • Off-street Parking facilities shall have a minimum vertical clearance of 7 feet. Where such a facility is to be used by trucks or loading Uses, the minimum clearance shall be 12 feet Residential and 15 feet Commercial and Industrial. • Ingress vehicular control devices shall be located so as to provide a minimum driveway of 20 feet in length between the Base Building Line and dispenser. • For requirements of parking lots, refer to Article 9 and the City of Miami Off-street SINGLE LOADED DOUBLE LOADED DOUBLE LOADED 90 23 ft 23 ft 23 ft 60 12.8 ft 11.8 ft 19.3 ft 45 10.8 ft 9.5 ft 18.5 ft Parallel 10 ft 10 ft 20 ft Standard stall: 8.5 ft x 18 ft minimum 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 414/614 LOADING BERTH STANDARDS T5, T6, CS, CI-HD & CI DISTRICT NOTES RESIDENTIAL* From 25,000 sf to 500,000 sf Berth Types Residential*: 200 sf = 10 ft x 20 ft x 12 ft Commercial**: 420 sf = 12 ft x 35 ft x 15 ft Industrial***: 660 sf = 12 ft x 55 ft x 15 ft * Residential loading berths shall be setback a distance equal to their length. For the N2 block, residential loading berths shall be setback a minimum of ten (10) feet. ** Commercial berth may be substituted by 2 Residential berths. 2 Residential berths may be substituted by 1 Commercial berth. *** 1 Industrial berth may be substituted by 2 Commercial berths.

500,000 sf Berth Types Residential*: 200 sf = 10 ft x 20 ft x 12 ft Commercial**: 420 sf = 12 ft x 35 ft x 15 ft Industrial***: 660 sf = 12 ft x 55 ft x 15 ft * Residential loading berths shall be setback a distance equal to their length. For the N2 block, residential loading berths shall be setback a minimum of ten (10) feet. ** Commercial berth may be substituted by 2 Residential berths. 2 Residential berths may be substituted by 1 Commercial berth. *** 1 Industrial berth may be substituted by 2 Commercial berths. 2 Commercial berths may be substituted by 1 Industrial berth. A required Industrial or Commercial loading berth may be substituted by a Commercial or Residential loading berth, by SAP Permit, if the size, character, and Berth Size Loading Berths 420 sf 1 per first 100 units 200 sf 1 per each additional 100 units or fraction of 100. Greater than 500,000 sf Berth Size Loading Berths 660 sf 1 per first 100 units 200 sf 1 per each additional 100 units or fraction of 100. LODGING From 25,000 sf to 500,000 sf From 25,000 sf to 500,000 sf Berth Size Loading Berths Berth Size Loading Berths 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 415/614 operation of the Use is found to not require the dimensions specified and the required loading berth dimension could not otherwise be provided according to the regulations of this Code. The total number of required loading berths for the One BCC Mixed Use Tower shall be seven (7) Industrial size loading berths and eight (8) Commercial size loading berths.** The total number of required loading berths for the 650 SMA block shall be two (2) Commercial sized loading berths, to be reviewed and approved via SAP Permit. The total number of required loading berths for the AP block shall be one (1) Residential size loading berth plus one (1) Commercial size loading berth for a total of two (2) loading berths, to be reviewed 420 sf 1 per 300 rooms 420 sf 1 per 300 rooms 200 sf 1 per 100 rooms 200 sf 1 per 100 rooms Greater than 500,000 sf Greater than 500,000 sf Berth Size Loading Berths Berth Size Loading Berths 660 sf 1 per 300 rooms 660 sf 1 per 300 rooms 200 sf 1 per 100 rooms 200 sf 1 per 100 rooms OFFICE COMMERCIAL** INDUSTRIAL*** From 25,000 sf to 500,000 sf From 25,000 sf to 500,000 sf Berth Size Loading Berths Area Berth Size Loading Berths Area 420 sf 1st 25K sf-50K sf 420 sf 1st 25K sf-50K sf 420 sf 2nd 50K sf-100K sf 420 sf 2nd 50K sf-100K sf 420 sf 3rd 100K sf-250K sf 420 sf 3rd 100K sf-250K sf 420 sf 4th 250K sf-500K sf 420 sf 4th 250K sf-500K sf Greater than 500,000 sf Greater than 500,000 sf 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 416/614 Article 4, Table 6 FRONTAGES Article 4, Table 7 CIVIC SPACE TYPES This

OFFICE COMMERCIAL** INDUSTRIAL*** From 25,000 sf to 500,000 sf From 25,000 sf to 500,000 sf Berth Size Loading Berths Area Berth Size Loading Berths Area 420 sf 1st 25K sf-50K sf 420 sf 1st 25K sf-50K sf 420 sf 2nd 50K sf-100K sf 420 sf 2nd 50K sf-100K sf 420 sf 3rd 100K sf-250K sf 420 sf 3rd 100K sf-250K sf 420 sf 4th 250K sf-500K sf 420 sf 4th 250K sf-500K sf Greater than 500,000 sf Greater than 500,000 sf 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 416/614 Article 4, Table 6 FRONTAGES Article 4, Table 7 CIVIC SPACE TYPES This table describes the standards for areas zoned as Civic Space (CS) and for Public Parks and Open Space provided by the Public Benefits Program. Civic Space Types may be at multiple levels, landscaped and/or paved, open to the sky and shall be open to the public from 6:00 AM to 10:00 PM. The Civic Space at the NW corner of the One BCC block and on the 650 SMA block can be covered under a building if there is a minimum vertical clear height of 16 feet provided. Civic Space Types may be publicly or privately owned. Open Space requirements for each zone are described in Article 5. 5.6 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6) 5.6.1 Building Disposition (T6) e. For the minimum Height, Facades shall be built parallel to the Principal Frontage Line as indicated in the Design Guidelines, Regulating Plan and SAP Plans. In the absence of Building along the remainder of the Frontage Line, a Streetscreen shall be built co-planar with the Façade to shield parking and service areas. In and approved via SAP Permit. Loading Hours shall comply with conditions established by the Development Order. Berth Size Loading Berths Area Berth Size Loading Berths Area 660 sf 1/ 500K sf 600 sf 1/ 500K sf **In a One BCC Signature Office design, required loading berths are subject to standards above, but only up to a maximum of six (6) loading berths with a Loading Management Plan approved by SAP Permit. A Loading Management Plan shall include: the layout of all berths; entry and exit routes; turning maneuverability studies; a requirement to have a dockmaster present for all loading hours; and an operational plan setting forth allowable loading hours, on-site personnel requirements, a radio (or alternate) communication system with drivers to provide advance notice of arrival times, and procedures for moving vehicles when necessary to prevent backups. Additional sharing of loading berths between tenants may be permitted by SAP Permit. Arcade: a Frontage wherein the Façade includes a cantilevered building or colonnade that overlaps the sidewalk, while the Façade at sidewalk level remains at the Frontage Line. This type is conventional for retail Use. The arcade shall be no less than 8 feet wide and may overlap the whole width of the sidewalk to within 2 feet of the curb. Permitted by Special Area Plan. Plaza: An Open Space available for civic purposes and programmed activities. A Plaza

procedures for moving vehicles when necessary to prevent backups. Additional sharing of loading berths between tenants may be permitted by SAP Permit. Arcade: a Frontage wherein the Façade includes a cantilevered building or colonnade that overlaps the sidewalk, while the Façade at sidewalk level remains at the Frontage Line. This type is conventional for retail Use. The arcade shall be no less than 8 feet wide and may overlap the whole width of the sidewalk to within 2 feet of the curb. Permitted by Special Area Plan. Plaza: An Open Space available for civic purposes and programmed activities. A Plaza shall be spatially defined by Building Frontages and may include street Frontages. Its landscape shall consist primarily of pavement and trees. The minimum size shall be 1/8 acre and the maximum shall be 2 acres. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 417/614 the case of two (2) or three (3) Principal Frontages meeting at Thoroughfare intersections, the Building corner may recede from the designated Setback up to twenty percent (20%) of the Lot length. f. At the first Story, Facades along a Frontage Line shall have frequent doors and windows; pedestrian entrances shall occur at a maximum of seventy five (75) feet and vehicular entries shall occur at a minimum spacing of sixty (60) feet unless approved by SAP Permit. Principal entrances to retail establishments shall be provided along 7th and 8th Streets and South Miami Avenue. Where a retail establishment is located on the corner of 7th or 8th Street and South Miami Avenue, only one (1) principal entrance shall be required. For the N2 block, pedestrian entrances can occur at a maximum of two hundred (200) feet and vehicular entries can occur at a minimum spacing of ten (10) feet. i. For the One BCC block, a cross-block passage of 10 feet is required. For the N2 block, a cross-block passage is not required. Instead, pedestrian passages can be provided at the ends of the N2 block. For the 650 SMA and AP blocks a cross-block Paseo providing a clear path of a minimum of ten (10) feet in width, including landscaping, is required from SW 7 Street to S. Miami Avenue (southbound) and from S. Miami Avenue (southbound) to SW Miami Avenue Road, respectively. In no event shall the clear walking path be less than eight (8) feet in width nor shall the landscaping area be less than two (2) feet in width. The Paseo shall be lined with active uses having frequent doors and windows on one-side or be anchored on one end by Civic Space, and any deviations shall be approved by SAP Permit. For the N2 block, setbacks for Buildings shall be provided as listed below: Principal Front Setback on 5th Street: 0' min.; 2' min. above 8th Story Principal Front Setback on 6th Street: 0' min.; 20' min. above 8th Story Secondary Front Setback on 1st Avenue: 0' min.; 10' min. above 8th Story For the 650 SMA block, setbacks for Buildings shall be

two (2) feet in width. The Paseo shall be lined with active uses having frequent doors and windows on one-side or be anchored on one end by Civic Space, and any deviations shall be approved by SAP Permit. For the N2 block, setbacks for Buildings shall be provided as listed below: Principal Front Setback on 5th Street: 0' min.; 2' min. above 8th Story Principal Front Setback on 6th Street: 0' min.; 20' min. above 8th Story Secondary Front Setback on 1st Avenue: 0' min.; 10' min. above 8th Story For the 650 SMA block, setbacks for Buildings shall be provided as listed below: Principal Front Setback on South Miami Avenue (northbound lanes) and on SW 7th Street: 10’ min.; 17’-6” min above the 10th Story Secondary Front Setback on South Miami Avenue (southbound lanes): 10’ min.; 20’ min above the 10th Story Side Setback (west): 0’ min.; 30’ min. above the 10th Story For the AP block, setbacks for Buildings shall be provided as listed below: Principal Front Setback on SW Miami Avenue Road: 10’ min., 13’ min above the 12th Story Secondary Front Setback on South Miami Avenue (southbound lanes): 5’ min.; 8’ min. above the 12th Story Side Setback (west): 10’ min,; 13’ min. above the 12th Story 5.6.2 Building Configuration (T6) b. Above the eighth floor (tenth floor for the One BCC and 650 SMA blocks and twelfth floor for the AP block), the Building Floorplate dimensions shall be limited as follows: 30,000 square feet maximum for Residential and Hotel Uses (One BCC block only) 24,000 square feet maximum for Residential Uses (650 SMA block only) 30,000 square feet maximum for Commercial Uses and for parking 250 feet maximum length for Residential Uses 250 feet maximum length for Commercial Uses In a One BCC Signature Office design, the following additional tower flexibilities may be permitted by process of SAP Permit, so long as the Building does not exceed 2,850,000 square feet of total Floor Area: 40,000 square feet maximum Floorplate size for Office and Commercial Uses with a maximum length of 250 feet, on all tower Stories except: 60,000 square feet maximum Floorplate size for Office Uses for the first 100 feet of the tower above the maximum Height of the Pedestal, with a maximum Floorplate length of 350 feet. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 418/614 c. Encroachments shall be as follows: At the First Layer, cantilevered Awnings and entry canopies may encroach up to one hundred percent (100%) of the depth of the Setback and into the Right-of-Way, except as may be further allowed by Chapter 54 of the City Code. Above the first Story, cantilevered balconies, bay windows, decorative features, and roofs may encroach up to three (3) feet (four (4) feet for the N2 block) of the depth of the Setback. The Climate Ribbon and any above-grade connection(s) spanning the Metromover between BCC East and One BCC blocks have no Setback, and may encroach into the Right-of-Way. Other cantilevered portions of the Building

cantilevered Awnings and entry canopies may encroach up to one hundred percent (100%) of the depth of the Setback and into the Right-of-Way, except as may be further allowed by Chapter 54 of the City Code. Above the first Story, cantilevered balconies, bay windows, decorative features, and roofs may encroach up to three (3) feet (four (4) feet for the N2 block) of the depth of the Setback. The Climate Ribbon and any above-grade connection(s) spanning the Metromover between BCC East and One BCC blocks have no Setback, and may encroach into the Right-of-Way. Other cantilevered portions of the Building shall maintain the required Setback. Above the Pedestal no Encroachments are permitted, except that Facade components promoting energy efficiency such as shading and Screening devices that are non-accessible may encroach a maximum of three (3) feet. d. For the N2 block, Galleries and Arcades (which includes cantilevered overhangs) can be ten (10) feet deep, can encroach 100% of the depth of the Setback and can overlap the whole width of the sidewalk to within four (4) feet of the curb on a Primary Frontage and sixteen (16) feet on a Secondary Frontage. f. Loading and service entries shall be pursuant to the Design Guidelines of the Special Area Plan. Loading may be accessed from all Frontages if architectural treatments applied to exposed spaces create a finished appearance. In a One BCC Signature Office design, all loading may be provided above-ground and enclosed within the Pedestal. At ground level, parking and loading in a One BCC Signature Office design shall be screened by a Liner along the Frontage, unless demonstrated through SAP Permit that it is not practical. However, at ground level along the Metromover (west side of One BCC block), parking and loading in a One BCC Signature Office design may also be screened by an art, glass, or architectural treatment. h. Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be screened by a parapet wall of a maximum height of twenty-five (25) feet or enclosure and shall conceal all equipment, except antennas, from lateral view. Where possible, equipment other than solar panels shall be enclosed or screened from overhead views. 5.6.4 Parking Standards (T6) a. Parking shall be required and provided and accessed in accordance with Article 4, Table 5 of Miami 21, the Design Guidelines of this Special Area Plan and as modified in this section of the Regulating Plan. Parking and loading requirements may be reduced via an SAP Permit, and may include all parking reductions available under the Miami 21 Code, amended as of March 3, 2022. Any other reduction greater than 30% shall require the submittal of a traffic study and/or parking study to support the greater reduction. As set forth in 7.1.2.a of this Regulating Plan any parking reductions allowed in Miami 21 shall be processed through an SAP Permit. The vehicular entrance of a parking Lot or garage on a Frontage shall have a continuous flush sidewalk crossing and pedestrian safety zones for curb cuts

Parking and loading requirements may be reduced via an SAP Permit, and may include all parking reductions available under the Miami 21 Code, amended as of March 3, 2022. Any other reduction greater than 30% shall require the submittal of a traffic study and/or parking study to support the greater reduction. As set forth in 7.1.2.a of this Regulating Plan any parking reductions allowed in Miami 21 shall be processed through an SAP Permit. The vehicular entrance of a parking Lot or garage on a Frontage shall have a continuous flush sidewalk crossing and pedestrian safety zones for curb cuts widths over thirty (30) feet. All parking, including drop-off drives and porte-cocheres, open parking areas, covered parking, garages, Loading Spaces and service areas shall be located in accordance with the Design Guidelines of this Special Area Plan, or otherwise located within the Pedestal for a One BCC Signature Office Design. All Screening utilized to visually shield or obscure the aforementioned areas shall be subject to the review and approval of the Planning Director. Above ground parking may extend into the Second Layer by SAP Permit, if an art, glass treatment or Architectural Treatment, of a design to be approved by the Planning Director, with the recommendation of the Urban Development Review Board (UDRB), is provided for one hundred (100%) percent of that portion of the Pedestal Façade. In a One BCC Signature Office design, this process shall also apply to all ground-level parking and loading areas. 5.6.5 Architectural Standards (T6) b. The Facades on Retail Frontages shall be detailed as storefronts and shall, for the first ten (10) feet above the sidewalk elevation, contain windows or doorways of transparent glass covering at least 50% of the linear footage of each Building. The base of all transparent openings shall be no more than two (2) feet above the sidewalk. Display Windows may count up to twenty-five percent (25%) of the transparency requirement if reviewed and approved through a SAP Permit. For the N2 block, the Facades on Retail Frontages shall be detailed as storefronts and shall contain windows or doorways of transparent glass in accordance with the Design Guidelines of this Special Area Plan. ILLUSTRATION 5.6 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6-48) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 419/614 BUILDING DISPOSITION LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min. b. Lot Width 100 ft min. c. Lot Coverage - 1-8 Stories 80% max. - Above 8th Story 30,000 sf. max. Floorplate for Residential & Lodging for One BCC Block 24,000 sf. max. Floorplate for Residential for 650 SMA Block In a One BCC Signature Office design, the following additional tower flexibilities may be permitted by process of SAP Permit, so long as the Building does not exceed 2,850,000 square feet of total Floor Area: 40,000 square feet maximum Floorplate size for Office and Commercial Uses with a maximum length of 250 feet, on all tower Stories except: 60,000 square feet maximum Floorplate size for Office Uses for the first 100 feet of the

- Above 8th Story 30,000 sf. max. Floorplate for Residential & Lodging for One BCC Block 24,000 sf. max. Floorplate for Residential for 650 SMA Block In a One BCC Signature Office design, the following additional tower flexibilities may be permitted by process of SAP Permit, so long as the Building does not exceed 2,850,000 square feet of total Floor Area: 40,000 square feet maximum Floorplate size for Office and Commercial Uses with a maximum length of 250 feet, on all tower Stories except: 60,000 square feet maximum Floorplate size for Office Uses for the first 100 feet of the tower above the maximum Height of the Pedestal, with a maximum Floorplate length of 350 feet. d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) T6-48a: 11 / 50% additional Public Benefit T6-48a: 18 / 50% additional Public Benefit e. Frontage at front Setback as per BCC SAP Plans and Design Guidelines f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max. * BUILDING SETBACK a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.; 20 ft. min. above 8th Story c. Side 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story d. Rear 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8th Story e. Abutting Side or Rear T5 0 ft. min. 1st through 5th Story 10 ft. min. 6st through 8th Story 30 ft. min. above 8th Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T6-48-L and T6-48-O only) g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 420/614 * Or as modified in Diagram 9 6.3.2 Open Air Retail Open Air Retail is a permitted use by right and shall be authorized in the BCC SAP and specifically in the retail concourses. 6.5 Sign Standards - Brickell City Centre SAP 6.5.1 Intent Brickell City Centre is a pedestrian oriented, mixed-use, urban development district (the “District”) that includes residential, retail, office and hotel uses which are serviced by a mass transit station and several lined parking garages. The District is envisioned as a hub for high-end retail which does not otherwise exist in the City of Miami. The retail and office components of the District will consistently serve large numbers of people, many of whom will drive to the District and park in one of the Project’s several lined parking garages. Others will walk or take mass transit to access the Project. In order for the District to function properly and seamlessly integrate into the Brickell neighborhood, pedestrians must be clearly directed to the mass transit station and retail areas and vehicles must be clearly directed to parking garages. The intent of these sign regulations is to (1) move pedestrians and vehicle traffic in and out of the District safely and efficiently; (2) promote safe and efficient

serve large numbers of people, many of whom will drive to the District and park in one of the Project’s several lined parking garages. Others will walk or take mass transit to access the Project. In order for the District to function properly and seamlessly integrate into the Brickell neighborhood, pedestrians must be clearly directed to the mass transit station and retail areas and vehicles must be clearly directed to parking garages. The intent of these sign regulations is to (1) move pedestrians and vehicle traffic in and out of the District safely and efficiently; (2) promote safe and efficient pedestrian traffic within the District; (3) promote efficient vehicle circulation to and from the parking garages within the District; and (4) identify the District to motorists along adjacent Thoroughfares 6.5.2 Signage Location, Types, and Aggregation. a. Signs within the Brickell City Centre SAP shall be permitted as set forth in Miami 21, unless modified by the Brickell City Centre Regulating Plan and Design Guidelines as set forth below. Signs within Pedestrian Passages, including directional signs containing layout of the retail space and location of retail tenants, which do not contain advertising material visible from the public right-of-way, shall not be regulated by the City. b. Signage placed on the Pedestal or along the District’s Retail Frontages shall be classified as: 1. Directional Signage: Directional Signage may be located at the entrances to parking garages and at pedestrian entrances to the Project, as generally depicted in the Design Guidelines. Directional Signage shall be designed to facilitate the movement of both vehicles and pedestrians and direct them to retail, restaurants, parking garages, and other Uses within the District. Directional Signs may range between forty (40) feet in length and four (4) feet in height up to a maximum of one hundred twenty five (125) square feet. Tenants’ names or logos shall not comprise more than 20% of the Area of Directional Signs. Additional regulations governing the location and specifications for Directional Signs may be adopted as part of a Master Sign Package. 2. Ground/Freestanding Signage: Ground Signs shall not include Signs mounted on poles or posts in the ground. Ground Signs shall be located at Thoroughfare intersections and along the Principal Frontages, as generally depicted in the Design Guidelines. Signs should not be located within the Visibility Triangle as determined by Public Works or other regulatory agencies, unless it can be determined that such location will not adversely impact public safety. Signs shall be designed and placed in a manner to minimize impact to pedestrian circulation. Ground Signs shall be designed to identify the Project, communicate the District image, or specifically identify a major tenant. Ground signage shall be limited to five (5) signs per block, each with on more than two sign surfaces, neither of which shall exceed forty (40) square feet in Sign Area for each one hundred (100) feet of street Frontage. Permitted Sign Area may be cumulative, but no Sign surface shall exceed one hundred (100) square feet.

that such location will not adversely impact public safety. Signs shall be designed and placed in a manner to minimize impact to pedestrian circulation. Ground Signs shall be designed to identify the Project, communicate the District image, or specifically identify a major tenant. Ground signage shall be limited to five (5) signs per block, each with on more than two sign surfaces, neither of which shall exceed forty (40) square feet in Sign Area for each one hundred (100) feet of street Frontage. Permitted Sign Area may be cumulative, but no Sign surface shall exceed one hundred (100) square feet. The Maximum Height shall not exceed twenty (20) feet, including embellishments, as measured from the sidewalks on which the sign is placed. Additional regulations governing the location and specifications for Ground/Freestanding Signs may be adopted as part of a Master Sign Package. 3. Wall Signage: Wall Signage shall be located on the Pedestal above the first Floor and oriented toward the street for the purpose of identifying the District and retail tenants of the District. Wall signage can be accommodated on a maximum of twenty-seven percent (27%) of the Pedestal Face (measured by the vertical area from the finished floor elevation to the top of the Pedestal and the horizontal area from setback to setback). Each Pedestal Facade shall be entitled to a minimum of four (4) and a maximum of eight (8) Wall Signs; provided however, that as part of an SAP Permit for a Master Sign Package, the City may approve up to ten (10) Wall signs on a maximum of two (2) Pedestal Facades upon demonstration that the increased number of Wall signs is consistent with Article 4, Table 12 of the Miami 21 Code and the signage standards listed below. Signs located on the Pedestal Facade must be arranged in a manner where each sign acts independently preventing composition signage. Additional regulations governing the maximum size, number, location and specifications for individual Wall Signs may be adopted as part of a Master Sign Package. a. Retail Ribbon Signs: Retail Ribbons Signs shall be counted as Wall Signs for purposes of limiting the number and size of Retail Ribbon Signs. The content of Retail Ribbon Signs shall be limited to advertising for products and services available and events occurring on the premises where the Retail Ribbon Sign is located. b. Max. Height 48 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height 37 Stories (for One BCC block only) 6 Stories for 650 SMA block; 14 Stories for AP block 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 421/614 4. Tower Signage: Tower signage shall identify the Project or the name of a major tenant occupying more than five percent (5%) of the Floor Area of the tower, excluding parking garages. Tower signage will be located on towers above the Pedestal, in the manner and maximum size depicted in the design guidelines. Each tower shall be entitled to two (2) tower signs. In the event that tower signs are not placed on a tower,

Height 37 Stories (for One BCC block only) 6 Stories for 650 SMA block; 14 Stories for AP block 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 421/614 4. Tower Signage: Tower signage shall identify the Project or the name of a major tenant occupying more than five percent (5%) of the Floor Area of the tower, excluding parking garages. Tower signage will be located on towers above the Pedestal, in the manner and maximum size depicted in the design guidelines. Each tower shall be entitled to two (2) tower signs. In the event that tower signs are not placed on a tower, such tower signs may be transferred to another tower at a ratio of 2 to 1; however in no event may any one tower be entitled to more than three tower signs. c. The location of signs shall be as generally depicted in the Design Guidelines. The final location of signs may very if approved as part of a Master Sign Package. d. In addition to the signage types referenced in paragraph b. above, the signage types listed in Sec. 6.5.2.5.b.1., 2., and 3. shall also be permitted within the District, subject to the limitations identified therein. 6.5.3 Master Sign Package a. A Master Sign Package for the BCC SAP, or for individual blocks within the BCC SAP, may be submitted to the City for approval by SAP Permit. A Master Sign Package shall include the following: a plan view of each block indicating location of each sign type on each level, specifications for each sign type, and tenant sign restrictions. b. If a Master Sign Package is approved by SAP Permit, all signs which conform to the standards set forth therein shall not require an individual SAP Permit, and shall be permitted if in compliance with the Florida Building Code. If a master sign package is not adopted, or if an individual sign does not conform to the standards set forth in adopted Master Sign Package, such signage may only be approved by SAP Permit. 6.5.4 Signage Standards. In addition to the standards in Article 4, Table 12 of the Miami 21 Code, the following standards shall be utilized by the Planning Director when evaluating whether a proposed master sign package or individual sign is consistent with the BCC SAP. a. The District shall provide locations on the commercial areas of the building facade that are specifically designed to accommodate changeable tenant signage. Structure, materials, detailing, and power sources shall be designed with consideration of signage installation requirements and shall be readily adaptable and reparable as tenant sign needs change. b. Sign illumination shall not be of high intensity. Locations for illuminated signage shall be oriented to the public right-of-way. c. Orientation of any illuminated sign or light source shall be directed or shielded to the extent practicable. d. Signs should be designed so as to fit within the architectural features of the facade and related elements and complement the District’s architecture. e. Indirect and external light sources shall

accommodate changeable tenant signage. Structure, materials, detailing, and power sources shall be designed with consideration of signage installation requirements and shall be readily adaptable and reparable as tenant sign needs change. b. Sign illumination shall not be of high intensity. Locations for illuminated signage shall be oriented to the public right-of-way. c. Orientation of any illuminated sign or light source shall be directed or shielded to the extent practicable. d. Signs should be designed so as to fit within the architectural features of the facade and related elements and complement the District’s architecture. e. Indirect and external light sources shall be the preferred option where lighting is required. f. Small-scale signs projecting from the building face, perpendicular to the public right-of-way, are appropriate for all pedestrian oriented streets. g. Graphic design for all signs should reflect consistency, simplicity, neatness, and minimum wording to minimize visual clutter and maximize legibility. h. In order to activate the plaza adjacent to the Metromover station, the City may permit iconic and unique signage on the eastern Pedestal Face of BCC East, as part of a Master Sign Permit. i. Sign colors should be limited in number and should be compatible with the facade. In most circumstances, dark backgrounds for signs are preferred over light backgrounds. 7.1.2 Permits Brickell City Centre Development Review Process The Brickell City Centre development review process is set forth below. a. SAP Permit. All Development within the Project shall be approved by SAP Permit. In addition, all other permits necessary to develop Property within the Project, such as Warrants, Waivers, Variances, and Exceptions, shall be approved by SAP Permit and subject to the equivalent fee to those established in the Miami 21 Code and Chapter 62 of the City Code. The process and criteria for review and approval of an SAP Permit application is set forth below. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 422/614 1. Review and approval process. i. The Zoning Administrator shall review each submitted application for a SAP Permit for completeness within seven (7) days of receipt. Upon verification by the Zoning Administrator, the application shall be referred to the Planning Director. The Planning Director shall review each application for an SAP Permit for consistency with the Brickell City Centre Regulating Plan, Design Guidelines, Development Agreement, Miami 21 and the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan. The One BCC block may be developed substantially in accordance with the approved One BCC Mixed Use Tower plans, or any other design that complies with the Brickell City Centre SAP. In a One BCC Signature Office design, development shall proceed by process of SAP Permit and be consistent with pages C2.96 to C2.98 of the One BCC Design Guidelines. To facilitate the purposes of the One BCC Signature Office concept, reasonable modifications to other pages of the Design Guidelines may be allowed by process of SAP Permit, if they otherwise remain in compliance with the SAP Regulating Plan, the Development Agreement, and the overall intent and themes of the Brickell City Centre project.

BCC Mixed Use Tower plans, or any other design that complies with the Brickell City Centre SAP. In a One BCC Signature Office design, development shall proceed by process of SAP Permit and be consistent with pages C2.96 to C2.98 of the One BCC Design Guidelines. To facilitate the purposes of the One BCC Signature Office concept, reasonable modifications to other pages of the Design Guidelines may be allowed by process of SAP Permit, if they otherwise remain in compliance with the SAP Regulating Plan, the Development Agreement, and the overall intent and themes of the Brickell City Centre project. If the SAP Permit application involves a project in excess of two hundred thousand (200,000) square feet of floor area, it shall be referred to the Coordinated Review Committee, and it may be referred to the Urban Development Review Board. If the SAP Permit application involves a project equal to or less than two hundred thousand (200,000) square feet of floor area, it shall be reviewed by the Planning Director and the Zoning Administrator without need for review by the Coordinated Review Committee, unless the Planning Director determines that such review is necessary. If the application is referred, the committee or board shall review the application and provide its comments and recommendations to the Planning Director. Where there is no referral to the Coordinated Review Committee, the Planning Director shall issue an intended decision within thirty (30) calendar days of a determination that the application is complete. Where there is referral to the Coordinated Review Committee, the Planning Director shall issue an intended decision within thirty (30) calendar days of the meeting of the Coordinated Review Committee. The applicant shall have seven (7) calendar days from receipt of the notice of the intended decision to request a conference with the Planning Director to discuss revisions or additional information regarding the application. Within ten (10) calendar days of the conference, or if no conference is requested, the Planning Director shall issue written findings and determinations regarding the applicable criteria set forth in this section and any other applicable regulations. The applicant and the Planning Director may mutually consent to an extension of the time for issuance of the final decision. The findings and determinations shall be used to approve, approve with conditions or deny the SAP Permit application. ii. The Planning Director shall approve, approve with conditions or deny the SAP Permit application. Approvals shall be granted when the application is consistent with the SAP, inclusive of its Regulating Plan, Design Guidelines, approved Development Agreement, the Miami 21 Code and the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, as applicable. Conditional approvals shall be issued when the application requires conditions in order to be found consistent with the SAP, inclusive of its Regulating Plan, Design Guidelines, approved Development Agreement, the Miami 21 Code and the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, as applicable. Denials of applications shall be issued if, after conditions and safeguards have been considered, the application still is inconsistent with the SAP, inclusive

Permit application. Approvals shall be granted when the application is consistent with the SAP, inclusive of its Regulating Plan, Design Guidelines, approved Development Agreement, the Miami 21 Code and the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, as applicable. Conditional approvals shall be issued when the application requires conditions in order to be found consistent with the SAP, inclusive of its Regulating Plan, Design Guidelines, approved Development Agreement, the Miami 21 Code and the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, as applicable. Denials of applications shall be issued if, after conditions and safeguards have been considered, the application still is inconsistent with the SAP, inclusive of its Regulating Plan, Design Guidelines, approved Development Agreement, the Miami 21 Code and the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, as applicable. The decision of the Director shall include an explanation of the Code requirements for an appeal of the decision. The Director shall include a detailed basis for denial of an SAP Permit. iii. An SAP Permit shall be valid for a period of two (2) years during which a building permit or Certificate of Use must be obtained. This excludes a demolition or landscape permit. A one (1) time extension, for a period not to exceed an additional year, may be obtained if approved by the Planning Director upon written request by the Applicant and subject to the equivalent fee to those established in the Miami 21 Code and Chapter 62 of the City Code. 2. Appeal of an SAP Permit to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. Applicant may file an appeal of the determination of the Planning Director which shall be de novo and taken to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. An appeal shall be filed with the Hearing Boards Office within fifteen (15) calendar days of the posting of decision by the Planning Director on the City’s website. The Board shall determine whether the Permit is upheld or rescinded. The ruling of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board may be further appealed to the City Commission, de novo and must be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards within fifteen (15) calendar days of the Board’s issuance of its ruling. The filing of the appeal shall state the specific reasons for such appeal, together with payment of any required fee. 3. Modifications to a previously approved SAP Permit All applications for modifications of an approved SAP Permit shall be submitted in writing to the Zoning Administrator explaining the need for corrections and accompanied by payment of the fee established by the adopted fee schedule. Except for minor modifications, the permit may be amended only pursuant to the procedures and standards established for its original approval. The Zoning Administrator shall review criteria established in the Miami 21 Code to determine the degree of the modification. All minor modifications shall be referred to the Planning Director for review and compliance with the Regulating Plan, Design Guidelines, approved 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 423/614 Development Order, the Miami 21 Code and the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, as applicable.

Administrator explaining the need for corrections and accompanied by payment of the fee established by the adopted fee schedule. Except for minor modifications, the permit may be amended only pursuant to the procedures and standards established for its original approval. The Zoning Administrator shall review criteria established in the Miami 21 Code to determine the degree of the modification. All minor modifications shall be referred to the Planning Director for review and compliance with the Regulating Plan, Design Guidelines, approved 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 423/614 Development Order, the Miami 21 Code and the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, as applicable. If found to be in compliance, the Planning Director shall grant the application for minor modification. One BCC Alternate Concept Design Guidelines 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 424/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 425/614 9.5.3 Trees b. Street trees shall be of a species typically grown in Miami-Dade County which normally mature to a height of at least twenty (20) feet. Street trees shall have a clear trunk of four (4) feet, an overall height of fifteen (15) feet and a minimum caliper of three (3) inches at time of planting, and shall be provided along all roadways at a maximum average spacing of thirty (30) feet on center, except as otherwise provided in this Article. Where the aforementioned spacing requirement cannot be met, deviations from this standard shall be permitted so long as the total number of street trees provided equals the total number of street required by the thirty (30) feet spacing requirement. The thirty (30) foot average spacing requirement for multiple single family units and townhouse shall be based on the total lineal footage of roadway for the entire project and not based on individual Lot widths. Street trees shall be placed within the swale area or shall be placed on private property where demonstrated to be necessary due to right-of-way obstructions as determined by the Public Works Department. Street trees planted along private roadways shall be placed within seven (7) feet of the edge of roadway pavement and/or where present within seven (7) feet of the sidewalk. 9.5.5 Minimum Number of Trees Where a conflict exists, the requirement imposing the higher standard shall apply. o. Street trees of a species typically grown in Miami-Dade County which have a minimum clear trunk of four (4) feet, an overall height of not less than twenty (20) feet, and a minimum caliper of five (5) inches at the time of planting, shall count toward the minimum number of required trees at a ratio of 4 Street Trees- to-1 required Tree. 9.5.6 Shrubs 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 426/614 a. All shrubs shall be a minimum of eighteen (18) inches in height when measured immediately after planting. Shrubs shall be provided at a ratio of ten (10) per required tree. Ground cover may be provided in lieu of shrubs at a ratio of two ground cover plants to one shrub. No less than Thirty (30) percent of the shrubs shall

a minimum caliper of five (5) inches at the time of planting, shall count toward the minimum number of required trees at a ratio of 4 Street Trees- to-1 required Tree. 9.5.6 Shrubs 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 426/614 a. All shrubs shall be a minimum of eighteen (18) inches in height when measured immediately after planting. Shrubs shall be provided at a ratio of ten (10) per required tree. Ground cover may be provided in lieu of shrubs at a ratio of two ground cover plants to one shrub. No less than Thirty (30) percent of the shrubs shall be native species and no less than fifty (50) percent shall be low maintenance and drought tolerant. Eighty (80) percent of the shrubs shall be listed in the Miami-Dade Landscape Manual, the Miami-Dade Street Tree Master Plan and/or the University of Florida’s Low-Maintenance Landscape Plants for South Florida list. Design Guidelines View or download PDF of the Brickell City Centre Design Guidelines by clicking on this link. Ordinance 11-00380ap2 Special Area Plan - Brickell City Centre 2nd Amendment AN ORDINANCE OF THE MIAMI CITY COMMISSION, WITH ATTACHMENT(S), APPROVING WITH CONDITIONS, AN AMENDMENT TO THE PREVIOUSLY-APPROVED "BRICKELL CITY CENTRE" SPECIAL AREA PLAN ("BCC SAP") PURSUANT TO

ARTICLE 3 ,

SECTION 3 .9 AND

ARTICLE 7 ,

SECTION 7 .1.2.8 OF THE MIAMI 21 CODE, THE ZONING ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA, BY ADDING ADDITIONAL PROPERTIES GENERALLY LOCATED IN THE EASTERN PORTION OF THE BLOCK BOUNDED BY SOUTHEAST 7TH STREET ON THE NORTH, SOUTHEAST 8TH STREET ON THE SOUTH, THE 8TH STREET METRO MOVER STATION RIGHT-OF-WAY ON THE WEST, AND BRICKELL AVENUE ON THE EAST, MIAMI, FLORIDA; MORE SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED IN EXHIBIT "A"; THE ADDITIONAL EASTERN PORTION OF THE BLOCK COMBINES WITH THE ORIGINALLY-APPROVED "BCC PLAZA" TO CREATE THE "ONE BCC" BLOCK; THE AMENDMENT PROPOSES: A) ADDING APPROXIMATELY 67,620 SQUARE FEET (1.55 ACRES) OF LOT AREA FOR A TOTAL COMBINED LOT AREA OF 503,948 SQUARE FEET (11.57 ACRES); B) INCREASING THE RETAIL / ENTERTAINMENT AREA BY 58,307 SQUARE FEET FOR A TOTAL OF 723,575 SQUARE FEET; C) INCREASING THE OFFICE SPACE BY 36,333 SQUARE FEET FOR A TOTAL OF 961,400 SQUARE FEET; D) INCREASING THE RESIDENTIAL COMPONENT BY 256 UNITS FOR A TOTAL OF 1,400 UNITS; E) INCREASING HOTEL KEYS BY 120 FOR A TOTAL OF 385 KEYS; AND F) INCREASING THE PARKING SPACES ABOVE GROUND AND BELOW GRADE BY 308 SPACES FOR A TOTAL OF 5,057 SPACES. THE SQUARE FOOTAGES ABOVE ARE APPROXIMATE AND MAY INCREASE OR DECREASE AT TIME OF BUILDING PERMIT NOT TO EXCEED A TOTAL OF 9,071,064 SQUARE FEET OF FLOOR AREA OR LESS THAN 25,197 SQUARE FEET OF CIVIC SPACE OR NOT LESS THAN 50,395 SQUARE FEET OF OPEN SPACE; FURTHERMORE, AMENDING THE ZONING ATLAS OF ORDINANCE NO 13114, BY CHANGING THE ZONING CLASSIFICATION OF THE ADDITIONAL SELECTED PROPERTY FROM "T6-48A-O" URBAN CORE ZONE AND "T6-48B-O" URBAN CORE ZONE TO "T6-48B-O" URBAN CORE ZONE; MAKING FINDINGS OF FACT AND STATING CONCLUSIONS OF LAW; PROVIDING FOR BINDING EFFECT; CONTAINING A SEVERABILITY CLAUSE AND PROVIDING FOR AN EFFECTIVE DATE. ..Fiscal Impact LOCATION: Generally Located in the Eastern Portion of the Block Bounded by SE 7th Street on the North, SE 8th Street on the South, the 8th Street Metro Mover Right-of Way to the West, and Brickell Avenue on the East [Commissioner Marc David Sarnoff - District 2] APPLICANT(S): Spencer Crowley, Esquire, on behalf of Brickell City Centre Project LLC, and Daniel J. Alfonso, City Manager, on behalf of the City of Miami FINDING(S): PLANNING AND ZONING DEPARTMENT: Recommended approval with conditions*. PLANNING, ZONING AND APPEALS BOARD: Recommended approval with conditions* on to City Commission on January 15, 2014 by a vote of 9-0. *See supporting documentation. PURPOSE: This will allow a second amendment to the Brickell City Centre Special Area Plan to add certain lands and authorize construction of a mixed-use building. ..Body WHEREAS, the original "Brickell CitiCentre" is a 9.038 acres Special Area Plan ("SAP"), pursuant to Article 3, Section 3.9 of the Miami 21 Code, the Zoning Ordinance of the City of Miami, Florida, ("Zoning Ordinance"), generally bound by Brickell Avenue to the East, Southwest 1st Avenue to the West, Southeast 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 427/614 6th Street to the North and Southwest 8th Street to the South,

of 9-0. *See supporting documentation. PURPOSE: This will allow a second amendment to the Brickell City Centre Special Area Plan to add certain lands and authorize construction of a mixed-use building. ..Body WHEREAS, the original "Brickell CitiCentre" is a 9.038 acres Special Area Plan ("SAP"), pursuant to Article 3, Section 3.9 of the Miami 21 Code, the Zoning Ordinance of the City of Miami, Florida, ("Zoning Ordinance"), generally bound by Brickell Avenue to the East, Southwest 1st Avenue to the West, Southeast 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 427/614 6th Street to the North and Southwest 8th Street to the South, Miami, Florida: and WHEREAS, the applicant amended the SAP by renaming the project from "BRICKELL CITICENTRE" to "BRICKELL CITYCENTRE SAP"; and WHEREAS, the applicant amended the Special Area Plan SAP, its Regulating Plan and Design Guidelines by adding 0.98 acres of abutting parcels to include in the Brickell CityCentre SAP project, located adjacent and north of the existing SAP and bounded by Southeast 5th Street, Southeast 1st Avenue, Southeast 5th Street, and South Miami Avenue, Miami Florida, and resulting in a total of 10.01 acres; and WHEREAS, the applicant wishes to further amend the Special Area Plan, its Regulating Plan and Design Guidelines by adding an additional 1.55 acres to the Brickell CityCentre SAP project, generally located adjacent and east of the existing SAP and bounded by Southeast 7th Street on the North, Southeast 8th Street on the South, the 8th Street Metro Mover Right-of Way to the West, and Brickell Avenue on the East, Miami Florida, and further described in "Exhibit A" herein, resulting in a total of 11.57 acres; and WHEREAS, the "Brickell CityCentre" SAP project integrates public improvements and infrastructure while providing greater flexibility resulting in higher or specialized quality building and streetscape design; and WHEREAS, projects such as this are critically important to the economic revitalization and enhancement of the City of Miami Downtown area; and WHEREAS, the expanded "Brickell CityCentre" SAP will benefit the area by creating residential units, hotel rooms, and commercial uses promoting its interaction with the adjacent areas, Brickell, Miami River and Downtown; and WHEREAS, the Miami Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, at its meeting on January 15, 2014, following an advertised public hearing, adopted Resolution No. PZAB-R-14-001 by a vote of nine to zero (9-0), item no. 5, recommending APPROVAL with conditions of the amended SAP as set forth; and WHEREAS, revisions to the Public Benefits Section of the Regulating Plan, have been codified in Appendix E of Miami 21 as described in Exhibit "F", attached and incorporated; and WHEREAS, the City Commission, after careful consideration of this matter, deems it advisable and in the best interest of the general welfare of the City of Miami and its citizens to amend its Zoning Ordinance as hereinafter set forth; NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Ordinance are hereby adopted by reference thereto

revisions to the Public Benefits Section of the Regulating Plan, have been codified in Appendix E of Miami 21 as described in Exhibit "F", attached and incorporated; and WHEREAS, the City Commission, after careful consideration of this matter, deems it advisable and in the best interest of the general welfare of the City of Miami and its citizens to amend its Zoning Ordinance as hereinafter set forth; NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Ordinance are hereby adopted by reference thereto and incorporated herein as if fully set forth in this Section. Section 2. The amended SAP, its Regulating Plan and Design Guidelines attached hereto, is approved subject to the conditions specified herein, and with the Zoning Ordinance. Section 3. The findings of fact set forth below are made with respect to the amended SAP: a. The amended SAP is consistent with the adopted Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, as amended. b. The development proposed in the amended SAP is expected to generate recurring fiscal benefits of approximately $5.3 million in ad valorem taxes for both the city's general fund and debt service, as well as $300,000 annually to the DDA. Approximately 2,375 permanent jobs will be created with $200 million paid for construction labor. This is equivalent to 3,447 man-years of construction work at the average annual pay rate of a construction worker in Miami-Dade County, which is $58,800 per year. c. The City Commission further finds that: (1) The SAP will have a favorable impact on the economy of the City; (2) The SAP will efficiently use public transportation facilities; (3) Any potentially adverse effects of the development will be mitigated through compliance with the conditions of this SAP; (4) The SAP will efficiently use necessary public facilities; (5) The SAP will not negatively impact the environment and natural resources of the City; (6) The SAP will not adversely affect living conditions in the neighborhood; (7) The SAP will not adversely affect public safety; (8) Based on the record presented and evidence presented, the public welfare will be served by the SAP; (9) Any potentially adverse effects arising from this development not limited to safety and security, fire protection, solid waste, heritage conservation and trees will be mitigated through compliance with the conditions of this SAP. Section 4. The SAP, inclusive of all exhibits, in particular, Exhibit "B", the Amended Concept Book, Exhibit "C" the Amended Regulating Plan, Exhibit "D" 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 428/614 Amended Development Program Spreadsheet, Exhibit "E" the Amended Development Agreement, as approved, shall be binding upon the Applicant and any successors in interest. Section 5. The amended application for SAP, which was submitted on November 22, 2013, and on file with the Hearing Boards Section of the Planning and Zoning Department, shall be relied upon generally for administrative interpretations and is incorporated by reference. Section 6. The City Manager is directed to instruct the

inclusive of all exhibits, in particular, Exhibit "B", the Amended Concept Book, Exhibit "C" the Amended Regulating Plan, Exhibit "D" 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 428/614 Amended Development Program Spreadsheet, Exhibit "E" the Amended Development Agreement, as approved, shall be binding upon the Applicant and any successors in interest. Section 5. The amended application for SAP, which was submitted on November 22, 2013, and on file with the Hearing Boards Section of the Planning and Zoning Department, shall be relied upon generally for administrative interpretations and is incorporated by reference. Section 6. The City Manager is directed to instruct the Planning and Zoning Director to transmit a copy of this Ordinance and attachments to the Applicant upon final approval. Section 7. The Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law are made with respect to the amended SAP as described herein and in documents incorporated hereto. Section 8. The amended SAP for the "Brickell CityCentre" is granted and approved. Section 9. In the event that any portion or section of this Ordinance or the amended SAP is determined to be invalid, illegal, or unconstitutional by a court or agency of competent jurisdiction, such decision shall in no manner affect the remaining portions of this Ordinance or amended SAP which shall remain in full force and effect. Section 10. The provisions for this amended SAP, as approved, shall commence and become operative thirty (30) days after the final adoption of the Ordinance. Section 11. This Ordinance shall become effective immediately upon its final adoption and signature of the Mayor, following any applicable appeal period. {1} Section 12. The Zoning Ordinance is hereby amended by adding "Appendix E: AMENDED BRICKELL CITYCENTRE SAP" to said Ordinance, as follows: APPENDIX E: AMENDED "BRICKELL CITYCENTRE SAP" CONDITIONS: Based on analysis and findings, the Planning and Zoning Department recommends approval of the amended "Brickell CityCentre" SAP with the following conditions: 1. Meet all applicable building codes, land development regulations, ordinances and other laws and pay all applicable fees due prior to the issuance of any building permit. 2. Allow the Miami Police Department to conduct a security survey at the appropriate time, of "One BCC", at the Department's discretion, and to make recommendations concerning security measures and systems; further submit a report to the Planning and Zoning Department, prior to commencement of construction, demonstrating how the Police Department recommendations, if any, have been incorporated into the SAP, as amended, security and construction plans, or demonstrate to the Planning and Zoning Director why such recommendations are impractical. 3. Obtain approval from, or provide a letter from the Department of Fire-Rescue indicating applicant's coordination with members of the Fire Plan Review Section at the Department of Fire-Rescue in review of One BCC, owner responsibility, building development process and review procedures, as well as specific requirements for fire protection and life safety systems, exiting, vehicular access and water supply. 4. Obtain approval from, or provide a letter of assurance from the Department of Solid Waste that "One BCC", now included

as amended, security and construction plans, or demonstrate to the Planning and Zoning Director why such recommendations are impractical. 3. Obtain approval from, or provide a letter from the Department of Fire-Rescue indicating applicant's coordination with members of the Fire Plan Review Section at the Department of Fire-Rescue in review of One BCC, owner responsibility, building development process and review procedures, as well as specific requirements for fire protection and life safety systems, exiting, vehicular access and water supply. 4. Obtain approval from, or provide a letter of assurance from the Department of Solid Waste that "One BCC", now included in the SAP have addressed all concerns of the said Department prior to the obtaining a shell permit. 5. Comply with the Minority Participation and Employment Plan (including a Contractor/Subcontractor Participation Plan) submitted to the City as part of the Application for Development Approval, with the understanding that the Applicant must use its best efforts to follow the provisions of the City 's Minority/Women Business Affairs and Procurement Program as a guide, as applicable. 6. Record the following in the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, prior to the issuance of any building permit: 1. Declaration of Covenants and Restrictions for "One BCC", providing that the ownership, operation and maintenance of all common areas and facilities will be by the property owner or a mandatory property owner association in perpetuity; and 2. Record in the Public Records a Unity of Title or a covenant in lieu of a Unity of Title, if applicable, subject to the review and approval of the City Attorney's Office. 7. Prior to the issuance of a shell permit, provide the Planning and Zoning Department with a recorded copy of the documents mentioned in condition number 6 above. 8. Provide the Planning and Zoning Department with an amended temporary construction plan, inclusive of "One BCC", which contains the following: 1. Temporary construction parking plan, with an enforcement policy; 2. Construction noise management plan with an enforcement policy; and 3. Maintenance plan for the temporary construction site; said plan shall be subject to the review and approval by the Planning and Zoning Department prior to the issuance of any building permits and shall be enforced during construction activity. All construction activity shall remain in full compliance with the provisions of the submitted construction plan or other agreements and permits as applicable; failure to comply may lead to a suspension or revocation of this SAP. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 429/614 9. Prior to the issuance of any building permit, the applicant shall provide the Planning and Zoning Department for review and approval: 1. Environmental Impact Statement for amended SAP site, inclusive of "One BCC". 2. Sufficiency Letter from the City of Miami, Office of Transportation for SAP site, inclusive of "One BCC". 3. Final determination of Public School Concurrency and Capacity Reservation for all residential development within the SAP, inclusive of "One BCC". 4. Conservation Assessment Report (project location is within an high Archeological Probability Zone) 5.

a suspension or revocation of this SAP. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 429/614 9. Prior to the issuance of any building permit, the applicant shall provide the Planning and Zoning Department for review and approval: 1. Environmental Impact Statement for amended SAP site, inclusive of "One BCC". 2. Sufficiency Letter from the City of Miami, Office of Transportation for SAP site, inclusive of "One BCC". 3. Final determination of Public School Concurrency and Capacity Reservation for all residential development within the SAP, inclusive of "One BCC". 4. Conservation Assessment Report (project location is within an high Archeological Probability Zone) 5. Applicants shall work with City staff (Department of Capital Improvements, CIP) to identify a solution for potential conflicts that may arise between the proposed development of "One BCC" and the implementation / completion of the Greenway project on Southeast 5th Street. 6. Prior to final approval of this amendment, the applicants shall work with City staff (Office of Transportation) to review alternatives addressing traffic flow throughout Brickell Avenue. 10. The "Brickell CityCentre" SAP includes a Development Review Process which addresses the build out of the individual projects as identified in the Regulating Plan. 11. If the project is to be developed in phases and/or individual specific projects, the Applicant shall submit an interim plan, including a landscape plan, which addresses design details for the land occupying future phases of this Project in the event that the future phases are not developed, said plan shall include a proposed timetable and shall be subject to review and approval by the Planning and Zoning Director. 12. The applicant shall meet conditions identified in this Ordinance, the "Brickell CityCentre" SAP and all applicable regulations from local, state and federal agencies. 13. The proposed SAP, inclusive of "One BCC", is located within the Downtown Development of Regional Impact (DDRI) area. DDRI fees will be calculated based on final program. DDRI credits for "One BCC" may be reserved upon approval of this amendment; but without exception, all fees must be paid prior to the issuance of any building permit. 14. Within 90 days of the effective date of this Ordinance, record a certified copy of the amended Development Agreement specifying that the Development Agreement runs with the land and is binding on the Applicant, its successors, and assigns, jointly or severally. CONCLUSIONS OF LAW: The amended "Brickell CityCentre" SAP, as approved complies with the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan as amended, is consistent with the orderly development and goals of the City of Miami, and complies with local land development regulations pursuant to the Zoning Ordinance Code. The proposed development does not unreasonably interfere with the achievement of the objectives of the adopted State Land Development Plan applicable to the City of Miami. ..Footnote {1} This Ordinance shall become effective as specified herein unless vetoed by the Mayor within ten days from the date it was passed and adopted. If the Mayor vetoes this Ordinance, it shall become effective immediately upon override of the veto by the

Neighborhood Plan as amended, is consistent with the orderly development and goals of the City of Miami, and complies with local land development regulations pursuant to the Zoning Ordinance Code. The proposed development does not unreasonably interfere with the achievement of the objectives of the adopted State Land Development Plan applicable to the City of Miami. ..Footnote {1} This Ordinance shall become effective as specified herein unless vetoed by the Mayor within ten days from the date it was passed and adopted. If the Mayor vetoes this Ordinance, it shall become effective immediately upon override of the veto by the City Commission or upon the effective date stated herein, whichever is later. To view the Brickell City Centre Development Agreement, please visit this Miami-Dade County webpage link for the recorded document. Appendix F - Miami Design District Retail Street SAP AMENDMENTS TO MIAMI 21 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION LEGISLATIVE ID 13334 7/26/2012 Special Area Plan for Miami Design District Retail Street 11-01196ap 13414 10/24/2013 Amendment to MDD Retail Street SAP to add additional properties 11-01196ap1 13505 3/12/2015 2 Amendment to MDD Retail Street SAP to add an additional property 11-01196ap2 13603 4/28/2016 3rd Amendment to MDD Retail Street SAP to remove properties from boundaries 11-01196ap3 nd 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 430/614 SAP 2 MIAMI DESIGN DISTRICT RETAIL STREET The Miami Design District Retail Street is a mixed-use project in the heart of the Design District situated on certain parcels totaling approximately 25.491 acres, as described in Exhibit "A". The site is generally bounded by Northeast 43 Street and Northeast 42 Street to the North, North Federal Highway and Biscayne Boulevard to the East, Northeast 38 Street to the South, and by NE Miami Court and North Miami Avenue to the West, Miami, Florida, as depicted in Sheet A1.5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan Design Concept Book (the "Concept Book"). SAP 2.1 DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENTS There are four (4) development agreements associated with the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, which memorialize the vesting of underlying future land use and zoning, and associated development rights along with specific terms and obligations. Each of the relevant development agreements are listed and defined below, and collectively referenced herein as the "Development Agreements": 1. That certain Second Amended and Restated Development Agreement by and between Norwegian Wood Acquisitions, LLC, Oak Plaza Associates (Del.) LLC, Jungle Plaza, LLC, 4200 Associates, LLC, Paradise Plaza Associates, LLC, Half-Circle Property (Del.) LLC, Lovely Rita Acquisitions, LLC, Uptown Girl Development, LLC, Sun King, LLC, Dacra Design 4141 LLC, MDDA Morning Dew, LLC, and Tiny Dancer Acquisitions, LLC, Delaware limited liability companies, and the City of Miami, dated as of August 18, 2021 and recorded in Official Records Book 32694, at Page 850, of the Public Records of Miami- Dade County, Florida, as subsequently amended by that certain Partial Release and Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Development Agreement dated as of ____ 2023 and recorded in Official Records Book _____, at Page _____, of

LLC, Paradise Plaza Associates, LLC, Half-Circle Property (Del.) LLC, Lovely Rita Acquisitions, LLC, Uptown Girl Development, LLC, Sun King, LLC, Dacra Design 4141 LLC, MDDA Morning Dew, LLC, and Tiny Dancer Acquisitions, LLC, Delaware limited liability companies, and the City of Miami, dated as of August 18, 2021 and recorded in Official Records Book 32694, at Page 850, of the Public Records of Miami- Dade County, Florida, as subsequently amended by that certain Partial Release and Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Development Agreement dated as of ____ 2023 and recorded in Official Records Book _____, at Page _____, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida (the "MDDA Development Agreement"). The City Commission approved the most recent version of the MDDA Development Agreement via Ordinance 14246 on December 14, 2023. 2. That certain Development Agreement between 4201 NE 2 AVE LLC and the City of Miami, dated as of April 20, 2015 and recorded in Official Records Book 29595, at Page 4542, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida (the "Helm Development Agreement"). The City Commission approved the Helm Development Agreement via Ordinance 13506 on March 12, 2015. 3. That certain Development Agreement between Flagler Holding Group, Inc. and the City of Miami, dated as of May 8, 2019 and recorded in Official Records Book 31455, at Page 2659, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, as subsequently amended by that certain First Amendment to Development Agreement dated as of ____ 2023 and recorded in Official Records Book ___, at Page ___, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida (the "Flagler Development Agreement"). The City Commission approved the most recent version of the Flagler Development Agreement via Ordinance 14247 on December 14, 2023. 4. That certain Development Agreement by and between RFD North 39 LLC, RFD North 40 LLC, RFD South 40 LLC, and the City of Miami, dated as of ____ 2023 and recorded in Official Records Book ___, at Page ___, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida (the "RFD Development Agreement"). The City Commission approved the RFD Development Agreement via Ordinance 14245 on December 14, 2023. SAP 2.2 REGULATING PLAN

ARTICLE 1 . DEFINITIONS 1.1 DEFINITIONS OF BUILDING FUNCTION: USES (Article 4, Table 3) d. COMMERCIAL This category is intended to encompass land Use functions of retail, service, entertainment or recreational establishments and supporting office. The definitions listed herein shall only apply within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area. Entertainment Establishment: A place of business serving the amusement and recreational needs of the community. Such facilities may include, but are not limited to: cinemas, billiard parlors, teen clubs, dance halls, video arcades, or special event spaces and ballrooms. Uses not included: Entertainment Establishment, Adult. 14001 5/27/2021 4th Amendment to MDD Retail Street SAP to allow for FLR and Density transfer 8724 14244 12/14/2023 5th Amendment to MDD Retail Street SAP to add additional properties 14672 rd nd th nd 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 431/614 Open Air Retail: A retail sales establishment operated substantially in the open air including, but not limited to: farmers market, vending carts, kiosks, tenant event, retail promotional events, Retail Merchandising Units, and the like. Uses not included are: car sales, equipment sales, boat sales, home and garden supplies, and Flea Markets. Auto-Related Commercial Establishment: An auto related retail establishment for the sale of automobiles and automobile related items. The site shall provide for a display or window fenestration with a view of the automobiles and automobile related items. If the establishment is under 55,000 square feet and there are no automobile services (such as the repair or maintenance of motor vehicles , it is permitted by Right. If the establishment is over 55,000 square feet or contains automobile services (such as the repair or maintenance of motor vehicles), such establishments may be permitted by Warrant. Ancillary Retail Storage: Commercial storage space associated with tenants of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, which may be located in the same building or a separate building from the main retail tenant. 1.2 DEFINITIONS OF TERMS This section provides for terms in the Code that are technical in nature or that might not be otherwise reflected in common usage of the word. If a term is not defined in this Article, then the Zoning Administrator shall determine the correct definition of the term. The definitions listed herein shall only apply within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area. Ancillary Use: An Ancillary Use is a Use customarily incidental and subordinate to the Principal Use of a Structure and, unless otherwise specifically provided, located on the same premises. Ancillary Uses include, but are not limited to, restaurant and bar uses located within a Lodging Use or a leasing office within a Residential Use. Ancillary Uses shall share access points with the Principal Use. The Principal and Ancillary use must be permitted within the applicable transect zone pursuant to Article 4, Table 3. Awning: A movable roof-like Structure, cantilevered or otherwise entirely supported from a Building, used to shade or screen windows or doors. Building Height: The vertical extent of a Building measured in Stories or feet.

a Structure and, unless otherwise specifically provided, located on the same premises. Ancillary Uses include, but are not limited to, restaurant and bar uses located within a Lodging Use or a leasing office within a Residential Use. Ancillary Uses shall share access points with the Principal Use. The Principal and Ancillary use must be permitted within the applicable transect zone pursuant to Article 4, Table 3. Awning: A movable roof-like Structure, cantilevered or otherwise entirely supported from a Building, used to shade or screen windows or doors. Building Height: The vertical extent of a Building measured in Stories or feet. Building Height, Maximum: The maximum Building Height shall include all Stories, including additional Stories permitted by Remaining Aggregated Floor Area or any applicable bonuses as shown in Illustrations 5.4, 5.5 and 5.6, or the total feet permitted in Section 5.6.2(g) herein. Cantilever: A Frontage where the Facade includes a cantilevered section of a Building, including but not limited to, open balconies, bay windows, planters, and similar architectural features, that may project beyond the Frontage Line, with the Facade at Sidewalk level remaining at the Frontage Line. Floorplate: The total indoor Floor Area of any given Story of a Building, measured to the exterior of the wall, and excluding balconies. Frontage, Retail: A Principal Frontage facing a public space such as a Thoroughfare of higher pedestrian importance (i.e. traffic volume, number of lanes, etc.) requiring that Facades be detailed as storefronts in accordance with the requirements set forth in Sec. 5.4.5.b., 5.5.5.b., and 5.6.5.b of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Retail Frontages do not include the Secondary Frontages located on NE 42nd Street between NE 1st and 2nd Avenues, as well as those portions of a Pedestrian Passage Frontages located more than twenty-five (25’) from the intersection of any Thoroughfare and the Pedestrian Passage. Gateway Site: Lots 9 and 10, as identified on page 1.4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan Design Concept Book, which are situated at a major entrance to the SAP and front Biscayne Boulevard. Gateway Site North or “Tuttle North”: Lot 10, as identified on page 1.4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan Design Concept Book, located in Block 1 East, pursuant to sheet A 4.1 of the Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan Design Concept Book. Tuttle North is designated as a “Gateway Site.” Gateway Site South or “Tuttle South”: Lot 9, as identified on page 1.4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan Design Concept Book, located in Block 1 East East, pursuant to sheet A 4.1 of the Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan Design Concept Book. Tuttle South is designated as a “Gateway Site” and is eligible for height flexibility in accordance with the criteria listed in Section 3.14.3 of the SAP Regulating Plan. Loading Space: An area in which goods and products are moved on and off a vehicle, including the stall or berth. SAP

Gateway Site South or “Tuttle South”: Lot 9, as identified on page 1.4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan Design Concept Book, located in Block 1 East East, pursuant to sheet A 4.1 of the Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan Design Concept Book. Tuttle South is designated as a “Gateway Site” and is eligible for height flexibility in accordance with the criteria listed in Section 3.14.3 of the SAP Regulating Plan. Loading Space: An area in which goods and products are moved on and off a vehicle, including the stall or berth. SAP Area: The Lots which comprise the Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan properties are those identified on page A1.4 and A1.5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan Design Concept Book, as amended. Open Space: Any parcel or area of land or water essentially unimproved by permanent Buildings and open to the sky and/or covered by a Shade Feature; such space shall be reserved for public or private Use. Open Spaces may include Parks, Greens, Squares, Courtyards, Gardens, Playgrounds, paseos (when designed predominantly for pedestrians), pedestrian paths or associated landscaped areas, and those areas covered by a Shade Feature. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 432/614 Principal Use: The primary use of a Structure. Remaining Aggregate FLR or "RAF": Any FLR which has not been utilized for any parcel located within the T6 Urban Core transect zone within the SAP Area, which may be transferred to other parcels located within the T6 Urban Core transect zone within the SAP Area. Remaining Aggregate FLR will be tracked via an aggregated rights tracking sheet ("Tracking Sheet") and reviewed annually as part of the Annual Review process, as indicated in the MDDA Development Agreement and RFD Development Agreement. Remaining Aggregate Density or "RAD": Any Density which has not been utilized for any parcel located within the T6 transect zone within the SAP Area, which may be transferred to other parcels located within the T6 transect zone within the SAP Area. Remaining Aggregate Density will be tracked via an aggregated rights Tracking Sheet and reviewed annually as part of the Annual Review process, as indicated in the MDDA Development Agreement and RFD Development Agreement. Retail Merchandising Unit: A freestanding structure open on one or more sides, fixed or portable, which may be connected to electricity and/or potable water, used as Open Air Retail for a commercial purpose or for the display or dissemination of information. Shade Feature: A translucent or transparent framed Structure, which is fixed and self-supporting and provides shade from the sun. Signature Tower(s): A tower utilizing additional Floorplate flexibility in order to create an iconic and unique structure promoting the intent of the Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan. A total of three (3) Signature Towers are permitted in the T6 Transect Zones within the SAP Area; however, no Block may contain more than one (1) Signature Tower. Parking, Tandem: The placement of two (2)

Open Air Retail for a commercial purpose or for the display or dissemination of information. Shade Feature: A translucent or transparent framed Structure, which is fixed and self-supporting and provides shade from the sun. Signature Tower(s): A tower utilizing additional Floorplate flexibility in order to create an iconic and unique structure promoting the intent of the Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan. A total of three (3) Signature Towers are permitted in the T6 Transect Zones within the SAP Area; however, no Block may contain more than one (1) Signature Tower. Parking, Tandem: The placement of two (2) spaces permitted one behind the other and ability to use mechanical parking systems (i.e. stackers) on the two (2) spaces to accommodate a total of up to four (4) vehicles. Pedestrian Bridge: An above-grade open or enclosed Structure connecting two Buildings over a Right-of-Way for pedestrian access, as permitted by Public Works and as may be allowed in the Development Agreements. Transit Corridor: A mass transit route with designated transit vehicle(s) operating at an average 25 minute or less headway Monday through Friday between the hours of 7 a.m. through 7 p.m. and includes designated transit stop locations within 1/4 mile of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP Area. Multiple transit routes or types of transit vehicles may be added cumulatively under this definition for the purpose of parking reductions. 1.3 DEFINITIONS OF SIGNS Copy Area: The area computed by surrounding each Identification or Secondary Identification Sign with a square or rectangle shape to determine the area. Less those portions within the square or rectangle consisting of logo brand marks, framing elements, large scale featured artwork swashes, simple lines, back plates, or other decorative elements. Directional Sign: Vehicular or pedestrian-scale signage containing multiple messages that serve to identify the Miami Design District and guide or direct the public safely to destinations within the district. Directional signs may be located on private property or within the Public Right-of- Way, subject to the approval of the Director of Public Works for all such signs within the Public Right-of-Way. Directional signs may be combined with address Signs but shall bear no advertising matter, and may be directed to guide area visitors to entrances, exits, retailer/tenants, or Parking Areas. The words “advertising matter” shall not be construed to include graphic logos, registered trade names, or elements of the district identity or “tag lines” that may be incorporated as part of the sign aesthetics. The size of a Directional Sign, and copy thereon, shall be scaled appropriately to the speed of the area traffic. Gateway Sign: A large-scale, mounted identity Sign of not greater than 5,000 square feet in size or 85% of a Building wall that serves to identify the district, mark a destination for visitors, and reinforce the district’s character as a destination for art, culture, dining, and fashion. A Gateway Sign may include or be comprised solely of an art installation and recognition of the installation sponsor, which sponsor or donor

that may be incorporated as part of the sign aesthetics. The size of a Directional Sign, and copy thereon, shall be scaled appropriately to the speed of the area traffic. Gateway Sign: A large-scale, mounted identity Sign of not greater than 5,000 square feet in size or 85% of a Building wall that serves to identify the district, mark a destination for visitors, and reinforce the district’s character as a destination for art, culture, dining, and fashion. A Gateway Sign may include or be comprised solely of an art installation and recognition of the installation sponsor, which sponsor or donor recognition shall be limited to one (1) recognition comprising no more than 15% of the art installation forming all or a part of the Gateway Sign. Art installations forming part of a Gateway Sign shall not contain any point of sale signage or commercial product expression related to the donor or sponsor. Gateway Signs shall be oriented to face major traffic Thoroughfares, such as I-195, Biscayne Boulevard and North Miami Avenue, and shall be limited to no more than five (5) such signs within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP Area. Notice and Warning Sign: Signs limited to providing notice concerning posting of property against trespass; directing deliveries; indicating the location of buried utilities; warning against hazardous conditions; prohibiting salesman; peddlers, or agents; and the like. Secondary Identification Sign: A Sign limited to the name or registered trade name of a Building, institution or person, whether natural or corporate person. SAP Signage Package: A comprehensive signage proposal consisting of Gateway Signs and/or Directional Signs for all or a Block(s) of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP requiring approval by SAP Permit for Signage that deviates from the requirements of Article 6 of Miami 21, as further amended by the Miami 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 433/614 Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan. Sign Area: Signs shall be comprised of individual letters, figures or elements on a wall or similar surface of the Building or Structure. The area and dimension of the Sign shall encompass a regular geometric shape or a combination of regular geometric shapes, which form, or approximate, the perimeter of all elements in the display, the frame, and any applied background that is not part of the architecture of the Building. When separate elements are organized to form a single Sign, and are separated by open space, the Sign area and dimensions shall be calculated by determining the geometric form or combination of forms, which comprise all of the Sign area, including the space between different elements, less the space attributed to any elements not comprising part of the Copy Area.

open space, the Sign area and dimensions shall be calculated by determining the geometric form or combination of forms, which comprise all of the Sign area, including the space between different elements, less the space attributed to any elements not comprising part of the Copy Area.

ARTICLE 2 . GENERAL PROVISIONS 2.1 PURPOSE AND INTENT 2.1.1. INTENT The intent of the Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan ("SAP" or "Miami Design District SAP") is to guide the design, construction and management of a retail pedestrian street and its surrounding city streets in the Design District to ensure a high quality, mixed use, pedestrian experience. The control of Building location, massing, and surface is intended to produce public space that is safe, comfortable and interesting for pedestrians and attractive to high-end retail tenants. Pedestrian mobility is to be improved by an enhanced Public Right-of-Way Streetscape and by the addition of a four block long Pedestrian Passage. The public space of the Pedestrian Passage is of a scale that is intimate and episodic. The quantity and materials of shared elements in the public spaces, such as pavement, signs and lighting are intended to be minimized and recessive, as the primary experience should be that of the highly individualistic retail stores. The Building Facade lines of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP are drawn to support the continuity of the existing Design District street wall, to form the sequential character of the pedestrian street experience, and to give store tenants appropriate space distribution and visibility. This document precedes the final development program, architectural design and detailing, and infrastructure engineering, and it is expected that adjustments to the development program, architectural design and detailing, and infrastructure engineering may be necessary during implementation phases of design development and construction documents. Adjacent and non-adjacent parcels within the SAP Area which have unutilized density or unutilized FLR, located within the T6 Urban Core transect zone ("T6 Properties") may transfer such Remaining Aggregate Density or Remaining Aggregate FLR to other T6 Properties within the SAP Area, provided however that each individual project on those T6 Properties must comply with the limits imposed by the SAP Regulating Plan and the Comprehensive Plan. Notwithstanding the forgoing, density and intensity shall be counted on an aggregate basis for all T6 Properties located within the SAP; such that the total aggregated density and intensity throughout the T6 Properties shall not surpass the aggregated as-of-right maximum (i.e. base) density and intensity permitted in the underlying T6 Properties. Aggregated density and intensity, as well as the Remaining Aggregate Density and Remaining Aggregate FLR will be tracked via an aggregated rights Tracking Sheet and reviewed annually as part of the Annual Review process, as indicated in the MDDA Development Agreement and RFD Development Agreement. The SAP is based on the Miami 21 Zoning Code, as amended through April 2012, and shall serve to supplement the code. Where standards set forth herein conflict with standards set forth in the code, the standards in this SAP shall govern, including but not limited to Section 6.5 Sign Standards, which supersedes the Sign Regulations in Article 10 of Miami 21. Where the standards in the SAP are silent, the underlying Miami 21 zoning code requirements shall govern. By virtue of the adoption

of the Annual Review process, as indicated in the MDDA Development Agreement and RFD Development Agreement. The SAP is based on the Miami 21 Zoning Code, as amended through April 2012, and shall serve to supplement the code. Where standards set forth herein conflict with standards set forth in the code, the standards in this SAP shall govern, including but not limited to Section 6.5 Sign Standards, which supersedes the Sign Regulations in Article 10 of Miami 21. Where the standards in the SAP are silent, the underlying Miami 21 zoning code requirements shall govern. By virtue of the adoption of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, and any subsequent amendments thereto, all provisions of the Miami 21 Zoning Code requiring enactment or authorization by Special Area Plan pursuant to and identified in Section 3.9, unless modified in the SAP, shall be deemed duly enacted or authorized. The Miami Design District Retail Street SAP shall not constitute a precedent for the balance of the City of Miami. The alternate standards of this SAP should be considered unique with regard to the large aggregation of property under multiple ownership committed to an integrated development plan, as well as its unified design and management that will enable and ensure a coherent, high quality, and sustainable result.

ARTICLE 3 . GENERAL TO ZONES 3.3 LOTS AND FRONTAGES 3.3.6 For new Buildings in Established Setbacks Areas, the Established Setback may be maintained as identified on page A1.7 of the Concept Book . Galleries, Cantilevers and Arcades may be permitted within Established Setback Areas and may be permitted to encroach into the Public Right-of-Way by SAP Permit and upon review by UDRB and with the approval of the Director of Public Works and Planning Director. Habitable Space above the Public Right-Of-Way shall be included in the development capacity of the subject lot and included towards the overall development capacity approved within this SAP. Established Setback Areas include: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 434/614 c. Design District 1. Boundary: The Established Setback for the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP shall be as identified on page A1.7 of the Concept Book. and applicable throughout the SAP area. Established Setbacks shall apply for the entire Height of the Building. Frontage Setback: Zero (0’) feet 3.5 MEASUREMENT OF HEIGHT 3.5.2 A Story is a Habitable level within a Building of a maximum fourteen (14) feet in Height from finished floor to finished floor. Basements are not considered Stories for the purposes of determining Building Height. A ground level Story may exceed this limit up to a total height of twenty-five (25) feet and a top level Story in the T5, T6 Transect Zones may exceed this limit up to a total height of twenty-eight (28) feet and count as one (1) Story, if the Building Height does not exceed the Maximum Building Height including all applicable bonuses allowed by the transect at fourteen (14) feet per floor and twenty-five (25) feet at the ground level. A single floor level exceeding fourteen (14) feet, or twenty-five (25) feet at ground level , shall be counted as two (2) Stories; except for T6-12 where a single floor exceeding fourteen (14) feet may count as one (1) Story if the Building Height does not exceed the Maximum Building Height, including by RAF or all applicable bonuses, allowed by the specific block identified in the illustrations in Article 5. Where the first two Stories are retail or hotel lobby, their total combined Height shall not exceed thirty-nine (39) feet and the first floor shall be a minimum of fourteen (14) feet in Height. Mezzanines and other interstitial spaces that may be accessed for storage, repairs and other service functions shall not count as a Story so long as the maximum height does not exceed fourteen (14) feet and may not exceed thirty-three percent (33%) of the Habitable Space Floor Area. 3.5.3 Except as specifically provided herein, the Height limitations of this Code shall not apply to any roof Structures for housing elevators, bathrooms, stairways, tanks, ventilating fans, solar energy collectors, or similar equipment required to operate and maintain the Building (provided that such Structures shall not cover more than twenty percent (20%) of roof area for T4 and T5); nor to church spires, steeples, belfries, monuments,

other service functions shall not count as a Story so long as the maximum height does not exceed fourteen (14) feet and may not exceed thirty-three percent (33%) of the Habitable Space Floor Area. 3.5.3 Except as specifically provided herein, the Height limitations of this Code shall not apply to any roof Structures for housing elevators, bathrooms, stairways, tanks, ventilating fans, solar energy collectors, or similar equipment required to operate and maintain the Building (provided that such Structures shall not cover more than twenty percent (20%) of roof area for T4 and T5); nor to church spires, steeples, belfries, monuments, water towers, flagpoles, vents, or similar Structures, which may be allowed to exceed the maximum Height by SAP Permit; nor to fire or parapet walls, which shall not extend more than five (5) feet above the maximum Height in T4 and T5 and ten (10) feet in T6. 3.6 OFF-STREET PARKING AND LOADING STANDARDS 3.6.1 Off-street Parking Standards a. Off-street Parking requirements for the individual Transect Zones shall be as set forth in Article 4, Table 4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Where required Off-street Parking is based on square footage of Use, the calculation shall only include Habitable Rooms and Habitable Space occupied by such Use. Parking and Loading Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses, including Ancillary Retail Storage. With the exception of Block 5 East, Off- street Parking requirements within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings. Existing Buildings as identified on Sheet A2.3 of the Concept Book, shall not be required to provide parking, if densities and intensities do not increase from existing uses from the adopted date of approved Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, as amended. If density and intensities change then applicable parking requirements shall apply. All new development shall be subject to parking requirements within Miami 21, as modified by the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. b. Off-street Parking dimensions and Shared Parking (mixed-use) reduction table shall be as set forth in Article 4, Table 5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. c. Required Parking for Adaptive Reuses may be reduced or exempted by SAP Permit for properties located in a Community Redevelopment Area, or in areas where a Parking Trust Fund has been established, or for historic sites and contributing Structures within designated historic districts. d. Parking reductions shall not be cumulative except in T4, T5 and T6. Parking reductions shall not exceed fifty percent (50%) of the total Off-street Parking required, except for Residential components of projects within one thousand (1,000) feet of Metrorail or Metromover stations. e. Parking requirements may be satisfied in the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area by making payment into the Design District Parking Improvement Trust Fund pursuant to Section 35, Article V of the City Code; such payments may be used to satisfy certain parking requirements in full or in part for particular development

designated historic districts. d. Parking reductions shall not be cumulative except in T4, T5 and T6. Parking reductions shall not exceed fifty percent (50%) of the total Off-street Parking required, except for Residential components of projects within one thousand (1,000) feet of Metrorail or Metromover stations. e. Parking requirements may be satisfied in the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area by making payment into the Design District Parking Improvement Trust Fund pursuant to Section 35, Article V of the City Code; such payments may be used to satisfy certain parking requirements in full or in part for particular development programs in the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area. f. Porte-Cochères where one valet drop off area services greater than 275 dwelling units shall provide direct access to temporary valet vehicular storage without crossing into the public frontage, except via SAP Permit. 3.6.2 Off-street Parking Driveway Standards [RESERVED] 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 435/614 3.6.3 Additional Off-street Parking Regulations General performance standards for Off-street Parking facilities: a. Parking shall be implemented so as to provide safe and convenient access to and from public Thoroughfares which include movement lanes and Public Frontages. b. Vehicular access through single family residential properties for nonresidential Uses shall be prohibited. c. Off-street Parking spaces shall be located with sufficient room for safe and convenient parking without infringing on any public Thoroughfare or sidewalk. d. Off-street Parking spaces whose locations require that cars back into movement lanes shall only be permissible in T4 zones. Backing into Alleys shall be permissible in all Transect Zones. e. Off-street Parking or loading area shall not be used for the sale, repair, or dismantling of any vehicle or equipment, or for storage of materials or supplies. f. Parking or storage of commercial trucks, buses, vans, sign trailers; trailers or semi-trailers for freight, cargo; or the like shall not be permitted in any T4, T5-R or T6-R Zone. g. Inoperable vehicles shall be stored only in storage facilities or other approved places where they are completely concealed from public view. h. Except in connection with permitted active continuing construction on the premises, construction equipment such as earth moving machines, excavators, cranes, and the like are not permitted. i. All Off-street Parking shall comply with applicable regulations related to lighting, paving, and drainage including the Miami-Dade County Code and the Florida Building Code. j. Specific areas may be set aside for Tandem Parking. Tandem Parking in all Transect Zones, may be used by both a valet parking operator or for residential self-parking. Each Tandem Parking space for residential self-parking shall serve a single residential unit. k. Parking facilities on adjoining Lots may share access points, driveways and parking subject to a recorded covenant running with the property on which the facilities are located. l. Where Lots are Abutting, underground parking may extend to Abutting blocks and Lots, including under Thoroughfares., as described in the Development Agreements or as otherwise authorized by the City 3.6.4 Calculation of Off-street Parking requirements related to

Tandem Parking. Tandem Parking in all Transect Zones, may be used by both a valet parking operator or for residential self-parking. Each Tandem Parking space for residential self-parking shall serve a single residential unit. k. Parking facilities on adjoining Lots may share access points, driveways and parking subject to a recorded covenant running with the property on which the facilities are located. l. Where Lots are Abutting, underground parking may extend to Abutting blocks and Lots, including under Thoroughfares., as described in the Development Agreements or as otherwise authorized by the City 3.6.4 Calculation of Off-street Parking requirements related to number of seats. Where parking requirements relate to number of seats and seating is in the form of undivided pews, benches, or the like, twenty (20) lineal inches shall be construed to be equal to one (1) seat. Where Parking requirements relate to movable seating in auditoriums and other assembly rooms, ten (10) square feet of Floor Area shall be construed to be equal to one (1) seat except where otherwise specified. Net floor area shall be the actual area occupied by seating and related aisles, and shall not include accessory unoccupied areas or the thickness of walls. 3.6.5 Valet Parking Off-street Parking facilities maintained with valet parking shall be allowed generally, provided that the minimum Off-street Parking requirements of this Code are satisfied and that an attendant shall remain on duty during business hours or as long as the Principal Building is occupied. Valet parking stations shall respond to demand within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area and multiple valet stations may be provided on each block when such stations are operated under a unified management scheme. Each valet station shall be permitted subject to review by the Miami Parking Authority (MPA) to ensure that the proposed locations will not adversely affect the flow of traffic on the adjoining Thoroughfare. 3.6.9 Loading Requirements Off-street vehicular loading shall be required in accordance with the standards set forth in Article 4, Table 5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Service and loading vehicles servicing properties located within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area may gain access to such off-street loading area in order to service the property by utilizing no more than three (3) on-street maneuvers. a. Loading Standards. On-street loading shall be allowed in areas designated by signage and for limited intervals during specified hours. 1. Retail/Commercial Loading. On-street loading areas intended to service storefront retail and retail locations along the Pedestrian Passage shall be permitted within specifically designated zones. Loading within such designated zones shall not exceed 20 minutes. Such loading activity shall occur only between the hours of 6 a.m. and 10 a.m. 2. Express Parcel Delivery. On-street loading for express parcel delivery shall be allowed in specifically designated zones. Loading within such designated zones shall not exceed 15 minutes and shall occur only between the hours of 8 a.m. and 6 p.m. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 436/614 b. Required decorative

hours. 1. Retail/Commercial Loading. On-street loading areas intended to service storefront retail and retail locations along the Pedestrian Passage shall be permitted within specifically designated zones. Loading within such designated zones shall not exceed 20 minutes. Such loading activity shall occur only between the hours of 6 a.m. and 10 a.m. 2. Express Parcel Delivery. On-street loading for express parcel delivery shall be allowed in specifically designated zones. Loading within such designated zones shall not exceed 15 minutes and shall occur only between the hours of 8 a.m. and 6 p.m. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 436/614 b. Required decorative screening. Off Street Loading shall be screened by decorative walls or gates as described in Article 5, which shall be kept closed when the loading entry is not in use. 3.6.10 Bicycle Parking Requirements a. Bicycle parking shall be provided in aggregate for all new, Buildings in all T4, T5, and T6 zones, as shown in Article 4, Table 4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. The requirement set forth herein shall not apply to any existing and Adaptive Use Buildings. 1. Block 5 East. Notwithstanding the foregoing, bicycle parking for any new Building within Block 5 East shall be calculated and provided independently of the aggregate calculation for bicycle parking on the balance of the Blocks comprising the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. b. After the first fifty (50) required bicycle spaces are provided within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area, additional required spaces may be reduced by one-half. c. Required bicycle parking shall meet the following standards: 1. Required bicycle parking facilities may be located within the project site, adjacent to multiple Buildings, or in a shared bicycle parking facility located within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area and subject to all the conditions for shared bicycle parking facilities below: a. Required bicycle parking for Buildings within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area may be satisfied in the aggregate and will be tracked via an aggregated rights Tracking Sheet, that will be submitted as part of the building permit application for each project and reviewed annually as part of the Annual Review process. b. Shared bicycle parking facilities may be located anywhere within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area. c. The minimum number of required bicycle parking is satisfied by all Buildings using the shared facility. d. Within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area, bicycle parking requirements may be satisfied by providing bicycle racks within the Sidewalk or on- street bicycle corrals within an on-street parking space. Said racks or bicycle corrals shall be available for use by the public at no cost. Locations may be chosen to support Transit Oriented Development along Priority Corridors. e. Bicycle parking requirements shall be calculated in aggregate, prior to automobile parking reductions for the off-street parking requirements for the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area. 3.9 SPECIAL AREA PLANS 3.9.1 General Unless a Building is specifically approved

Within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area, bicycle parking requirements may be satisfied by providing bicycle racks within the Sidewalk or on- street bicycle corrals within an on-street parking space. Said racks or bicycle corrals shall be available for use by the public at no cost. Locations may be chosen to support Transit Oriented Development along Priority Corridors. e. Bicycle parking requirements shall be calculated in aggregate, prior to automobile parking reductions for the off-street parking requirements for the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area. 3.9 SPECIAL AREA PLANS 3.9.1 General Unless a Building is specifically approved as part of the Special Area Plan, any Building equal to or greater than 200,000 sq. ft. of Floor Area shall be reviewed by the Planning Director, after referral to and recommendation from the CRC for conformance to the Plan, prior to issuance of the Building Permit. 3.13 SUSTAINABILITY 3.13.1 General a. Landscape requirements are as required in Article 9 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, this Code, and the City of Miami Tree Protection regulations of Chapter 17 of the City Code, as amended by the Development Agreements. Where the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP and the Miami 21 code are more restrictive than the Tree Protection regulations as amended in the Development Agreements, the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP and the Miami 21 code shall apply. NOTE: All new Buildings in excess of 50,000 sq. ft. of Floor Area within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP shall conform to the sustainability requirements set forth in Miami 21. 3.14 PUBLIC BENEFITS IN THE MIAMI DESIGN DISTRICT SAP 3.14.1 The Miami Design District SAP has provided the following public benefits: Construction of the Pedestrian Passage (i.e. Paseo Ponti and Jade Alley) from Palm Court to Paradise Plaza. Activation of Palm Court and Paradise Plaza as publicly accessible civic spaces. Improvements to the pedestrian realm through enhanced public right-of-way investments, which include, paving, utilities, drainage, landscaping, pavers, site amenities, and street lighting throughout the SAP. Public art investments throughout the SAP. Artistic garage facades throughout the SAP. Architectural facades throughout the SAP . 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 437/614 Marketing, operating and curating the district as a premier cultural destination in the City of Miami. Contributions towards the Institute of Contemporary Art, Miami ("ICA"), including the donation of the underlying lots. Payment of maintenance for the public right-of-way investments and all public benefit investments throughout the SAP. FEC Right of Way Improvements, in the event one or more of the SAP parcels fronting the Florida East Coast Railway right-of-way (“FEC Right-of-Way”) obtains a building permit for demolition or redevelopment, as described further in the MDDA Development Agreement. 3.14.2 Tuttle South Tuttle South is eligible for Bonus Height, as established in Illustration 5.6 for Block 1 East East, due to the public benefits that the Miami Design District SAP project has provided to the City to date; in addition, Tuttle South shall also provide additional public benefits

public right-of-way investments and all public benefit investments throughout the SAP. FEC Right of Way Improvements, in the event one or more of the SAP parcels fronting the Florida East Coast Railway right-of-way (“FEC Right-of-Way”) obtains a building permit for demolition or redevelopment, as described further in the MDDA Development Agreement. 3.14.2 Tuttle South Tuttle South is eligible for Bonus Height, as established in Illustration 5.6 for Block 1 East East, due to the public benefits that the Miami Design District SAP project has provided to the City to date; in addition, Tuttle South shall also provide additional public benefits as described in Section 3.14.3. 3.14.3 Gateway Sites Within the Miami Design District SAP, Tuttle South and Tuttle North are designated as Gateway Sites. In order for development within the Gateway Sites to achieve an FLR of 10.4 (i.e. Bonus FLR) and Tuttle South to achieve a height of thirty-six (36) stories (i.e. Bonus Height), the following public benefits and criteria must be met; (1) the Planning Director shall make a determination that the project on the Gateway Site is of exceptional architectural merit; which applicant may appeal to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board within fifteen (15) business days of a determination by filing written notice with the Office of Hearing Boards; (2) the applicant shall create 10,000 square feet of Civic Space within the Gateway Site, which shall be publicly accessible; (3) the applicant shall fund and place artwork in the dedicated Civic or Open space within the Gateway Site, which shall be publicly accessible; (4) the applicant agrees to comply with the following design elements in Section 5.6.4(d) and (j), respectively of the Regulating Plan: For any above or below ground parking structures located at the intersection of two Thoroughfares, a retail Liner shall be provided for a minimum of fifty feet (50’) in order to complement the surrounding architecture. Above-grade parking may extend into the Second Layer above a first floor liner with decorative facade treatment matching the liner facade below or an art or green wall. Underground parking may extend above grade into a first floor Liner if the Building Facade is designed to meet the Sidewalk in such a manner that fully obscures the Parking Area. (5) the applicant agrees to meet with representatives of the Bay Point Property Owners and Buena Vista East Historic Neighborhood Association not less than fifteen (15) days in advance of submitting any redevelopment site plans for the Gateway Site to the City of Miami; and (6) the applicant shall construct and maintain enhanced street right-of-way improvements including lighting, landscaping, and other non-standard improvements in the right-of-way immediately fronting the Gateway Site, consistent with other non-standard improvements throughout the district.

advance of submitting any redevelopment site plans for the Gateway Site to the City of Miami; and (6) the applicant shall construct and maintain enhanced street right-of-way improvements including lighting, landscaping, and other non-standard improvements in the right-of-way immediately fronting the Gateway Site, consistent with other non-standard improvements throughout the district.

ARTICLE 4 . STANDARDS AND TABLES

ARTICLE 4 . TABLE 1 TRANSECT ZONE DESCRIPTIONS T1 THE NATURAL ZONE consists of lands approximating a wilderness condition, permanently set aside for conservation in an essentially natural state. T2 THE RURAL ZONE consists of lands in open or cultivated state or sparsely settled. These include woodland, grassland and agricultural land. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 438/614 T3 THE SUB-URBAN ZONE consists of low-Density areas, primarily comprised of Single-Family and Two Family residential units with relatively deep Setbacks, Streetscapes with swales, and with or without Sidewalks. Blocks may be large and the roads may be of irregular geometry to accommodate natural and historic conditions. T4 THE GENERAL URBAN ZONE consists of a Mixed- Use but primarily residential urban fabric with a range of Building types including rowhouses, small apartment Buildings, and bungalow courts. Setbacks are short with an urban Streetscape of wide Sidewalks and trees in planters. Thoroughfares typically define medium-sized blocks. T5 THE URBAN CENTER ZONE consists of higher Density Mixed-Use Building types that accommodate retail and office Uses, rowhouses and apartments. A network of small blocks has Thoroughfares with wide Sidewalks, steady street tree planting and Buildings set close to the Frontages with frequent doors and windows. T6 THE URBAN CORE ZONE consists of the highest Density and greatest variety of Uses, including Civic Buildings of regional importance. A network of small blocks has Thoroughfares with wide Sidewalks, with steady tree planting and Buildings set close to the Frontage with frequent doors and windows. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 439/614

ARTICLE 4 . TABLE 2 (not applicable; please see Illustrations in Article 5)

ARTICLE 4 . TABLE 3 BUILDING FUNCTION: USES (The table below can also be found in Ord.14244 14/12/2023 PDF here) C THE CIVIC ZONE consists of public use space and facilities that may contrast in use to their surroundings while reflecting adjacent Setbacks and landscape. D THE DISTRICT ZONE consists of the least regulated Building and accommodates commercial and industrial Uses of a scale and with a Streetscape that facilitate vehicular access. T4 URBAN GENERAL O/L T5 URBAN CENTER O T6 URBAN CORE O DENSITY (UNITS PER ACRE) 36 65 150* RESIDENTIAL SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENCE R R R COMMUNITY RESIDENCE R R R ANCILLARY UNIT R TWO FAMILY RESIDENCE R R R MULTI FAMILY HOUSING R R R DORMITORY E R R HOME OFFICE R R R LIVE - WORK R R R WORK - LIVE LODGING BED & BREAKFAST R R R INN R R R HOTEL R R OFFICE OFFICE R R R COMMERCIAL AUTO-RELATED COMMERCIAL ESTAB. R** R** ENTERTAINMENT ESTABLISHMENT R R R ENTERTAINMENT ESTAB. - ADULT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 440/614 T4 URBAN GENERAL O/L T5 URBAN CENTER O T6 URBAN CORE O FOOD SERVICE ESTABLISHMENT R R R ALCOHOL BEVERAGE SERVICE ESTAB. R* R* R GENERAL COMMERCIAL R R R MARINE RELATED COMMERCIAL ESTAB. W W OPEN AIR RETAIL R R PLACE OF ASSEMBLY R R RECREATIONAL ESTABLISHMENT R R ANCILLARY RETAIL STORAGE R R R CIVIC COMMUNITY FACILITY R R R RECREATIONAL FACILITY R R R RELIGIOUS FACILITY R R R REGIONAL ACTIVITY COMPLEX CIVIL SUPPORT COMMUNITY SUPPORT FACILITY W W W INFRASTRUCTURE AND UTILITIES R R R MAJOR FACILITY MARINA W W W PUBLIC PARKING R R R RESCUE MISSION TRANSIT FACILITIES W W W EDUCATIONAL CHILDCARE W W W COLLEGE / UNIVERSITY E W W ELEMENTARY SCHOOL E W W LEARNING CENTER E R R MIDDLE / HIGH SCHOOL E W W PRE-SCHOOL E R R RESEARCH FACILITY R R R SPECIAL TRAINING / VOCATIONAL E W W INDUSTRIAL AUTO-RELATED INDUSTRIAL ESTBL. MANUFACTURING AND PROCESSING MARINE RELATED INDUSTRIAL ESTBL. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES STORAGE/ DISTRIBUTION FACILITY R Allowed By Right W Allowed By Warrant: Administrative Process - CRC (Coordinated Review Committee) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 441/614 Uses may be further modified by Supplemental Regulations, State Regulations, or other provisions of this Code. See City Code Chapter 4 for regulations related to Alcohol Beverage Service Estab. * Allowed by Warrant when facing T3 or when including outdoor use. ** See definitions, at Article 1, Section 1.1.

T3 or when including outdoor use. ** See definitions, at Article 1, Section 1.1.

ARTICLE 4 . TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING T4 - GENERAL URBAN ZONE T4 URBAN GENERAL O/L T5 URBAN CENTER O T6 URBAN CORE O E Allowed By Exception: Public Hearing - granted by PZAB (Planning, Zoning & Appeals Board) Boxes with no designation signify Use prohibited. DENSITY (UPA) 36 UNITS PER ACRE RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: Minimum of 1.5 spaces per principal Dwelling Unit. Parking Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses. Ancillary Dwelling – Minimum of 1 parking space per ancillary dwelling unit. Live-Work – Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential Use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit Adult Family-Care Homes – Minimum 1 space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. Community Residence – Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). Parking Requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Parking ratio may be reduced by thirty percent (30%) if the property is (i) within 1/2 mile radius of a TOD or 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor, and (ii) within 650 feet from a Parking Garage or Parking Lot identified in the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP Parking Management Program. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Article 3.6.10. Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 442/614 DENSITY (UPA) 36 UNITS PER ACRE LODGING Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. Parking Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses. Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 5 lodging units. Parking Requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Parking ratio may be reduced by thirty percent (30%) if the property is (i) within 1/2 mile radius of a TOD or 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor, and (ii) within 650 feet from a Parking Garage or Parking Lot identified in the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP Parking Management Program. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Article 3.6.10. Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within

of a TOD or 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor, and (ii) within 650 feet from a Parking Garage or Parking Lot identified in the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP Parking Management Program. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Article 3.6.10. Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). OFFICE Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of office use. Parking Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses. Parking Requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Parking ratio may be reduced by thirty percent (30%) if the property is (i) within 1/2 mile radius of a TOD or 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor, and (ii) within 650 feet from a Parking Garage or Parking Lot identified in the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP Parking Management Program. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Article 3.6.10. Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). COMMERCIAL Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: A maximum area of 40,000 square feet per establishment. Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of commercial use. Parking Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses, including Ancillary Retail Storage. Parking Requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Parking ratio may be reduced by thirty percent (30%) if the property is (i) within 1/2 mile radius of a TOD or 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor, and (ii) within 650 feet from a Parking Garage or Parking Lot identified in the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP Parking Management Program. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required . See also Article 3.6.10. Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may

mile radius of a Transit Corridor, and (ii) within 650 feet from a Parking Garage or Parking Lot identified in the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP Parking Management Program. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required . See also Article 3.6.10. Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 443/614

ARTICLE 4 . TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING T5 – URBAN CENTER ZONE DENSITY (UPA) 36 UNITS PER ACRE CIVIC Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: Minimum of 1 parking space for every 5 seats of Assembly Use. Parking Requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Parking ratio may be reduced by thirty percent (30%) if the property is (i) within 1/2 mile radius of a TOD or 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor, and (ii) within 650 feet from a Parking Garage or Parking Lot identified in the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP Parking Management Program. Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Article 3.6.10. EDUCATIONAL Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. Childcare Facilities – Minimum of 1 space for the owner/operator and 1 space for each employee, and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. Parking Requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5 Parking ratio may be reduced by thirty percent (30%) if the property is (i) within 1/2 mile radius of a TOD or 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor, and (ii) within 650 feet from a Parking Garage or Parking Lot identified in the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP Parking Management Program. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Article 3.6.10 Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). DENSITY (UPA) 65 UNITS PER ACRE RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: Minimum of 1.5 spaces per Dwelling Unit Parking Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses. Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Dwelling Units Live-Work – Work component shall provide

against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). DENSITY (UPA) 65 UNITS PER ACRE RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: Minimum of 1.5 spaces per Dwelling Unit Parking Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses. Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Dwelling Units Live-Work – Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential Use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit(s). Adult Family-Care Homes – Minimum 1 space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. Community Residence – Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Art. 4, Table 5. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 444/614 DENSITY (UPA) 65 UNITS PER ACRE Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Art. 3.6.10. Parking ratio may be reduced within 1/2 mile radius of TOD and within 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor by thirty percent (30%). Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). Loading – See Art. 4, Table 5. LODGING Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. Parking Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses. Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 lodging units. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Art. 4, Table 5. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Art. 3.6.10. Parking ratio may be reduced within 1/2 mile radius of TOD and within 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor by thirty percent (30%). Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). Loading – See Art. 4, Table 5. OFFICE Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square

provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). Loading – See Art. 4, Table 5. OFFICE Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Office use. Parking Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking standard, Art. 4, Table 5. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Art. 3.6.10. Parking ratio may be reduced within 1/2 mile radius of TOD and within 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor by thirty percent (30%). Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). Loading – See Art.4, Table 5. COMMERCIAL Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: A maximum area of 55,000 per establishment with one (1), 120,000 square foot establishment, maximum. For Block 5 East, one (1) additional establishment with a maximum size of 100,000 square may be permitted by Exception. Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of commercial use. Parking Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses, including Ancillary Retail Storage. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking standard, Art. 4, Table 5. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Art. 3.6.10. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 445/614

ARTICLE 4 . TABLE 4 DENSITY, INTENSITY AND PARKING T6 – URBAN CORE ZONE DENSITY (UPA) 65 UNITS PER ACRE Parking ratio may be reduced within 1/2 mile radius of TOD and within 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor by thirty percent (30%). Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). Loading – See Art. 4, Table 5. Commercial Auto-related, Drive-Thru or Drive-In Facilities – See Article 6. EDUCATIONAL Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. Childcare Facilities – Minimum of 1 space for the owner/operator and 1 space for each employee, and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking standard, Art. 4, Table 5. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Art. 3.6.10. Parking ratio may be reduced within 1/2 mile radius of TOD and within 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor by thirty percent (30%). Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). Loading – See Art. 4, Table 5. DENSITY (UPA) 150 UNITS PER ACRE RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: Minimum of 1.5 spaces per Dwelling Unit. Parking Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses. Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Dwelling Units Live-Work – Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential Use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit(s). Adult Family-Care Homes – Minimum 1 space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. Community Residence – Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Art. 4, Table 5. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Art. 3.6.10. Parking ratio may be reduced within

10 Dwelling Units Live-Work – Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential Use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit(s). Adult Family-Care Homes – Minimum 1 space per staff member and 1 space per 4 residents. Community Residence – Minimum of 1 parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Art. 4, Table 5. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Art. 3.6.10. Parking ratio may be reduced within 1/2 mile radius of TOD and within 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor by thirty percent (30%). Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). 1 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 446/614 DENSITY (UPA) 150 UNITS PER ACRE Loading – See Art. 4, Table 5. LODGING Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3. Minimum of 1 parking space for every 2 lodging units. Parking Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 lodging units. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Art. 4, Table 5. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Art 3.6.10. Parking ratio may be reduced within 1/2 mile radius of TOD and within 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor by thirty percent (30%). Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). Loading – See Art. 4, Table 5. OFFICE Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Office use. Parking Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking standard, Art. 4, Table 5. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Art. 3.6.10. Parking ratio may be reduced within 1/2 mile radius of TOD and within 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor by thirty percent (30%). Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP,

with: Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Office use. Parking Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking standard, Art. 4, Table 5. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Art. 3.6.10. Parking ratio may be reduced within 1/2 mile radius of TOD and within 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor by thirty percent (30%). Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). Loading – See Art. 4, Table 5. COMMERCIAL Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: A maximum area of 55,000 per establishment with one (1), 120,000 square foot establishment, maximum and one (1), 160,000 maximum square foot establishment will be allowed in T6-12 and above. Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of commercial use . Parking Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses, including Ancillary Retail Storage. Public Storage Facilities, require a minimum 1 parking space for every 2,000 square feet for the first 20,000 square feet, and 1 parking space per 10,000 square feet thereafter. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking standard, Art. 4, Table 5. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Art. 3.6.10. Parking ratio may be reduced within 1/2 mile radius of TOD and within 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor by thirty percent (30%). Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street 1 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 447/614

ARTICLE 4 . TABLE 5 BUILDING FUNCTION: PARKING LOADING DENSITY (UPA) 150 UNITS PER ACRE Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). Loading – See Art. 4, Table 5. EDUCATIONAL Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 3, limited by compliance with: Minimum of 3 parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use. Schools – Minimum of 1 parking space for each faculty or staff member, 1 visitor parking space per 100 students, 1 parking space per 5 students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. Childcare Facilities – Minimum of 1 space for the owner/operator and 1 space for each employee, and 1 drop-off space for every 10 clients cared for. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking standard, Art. 4, Table 5. Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. See also Art. 3.6.10. Parking ratio may be reduced within 1/2 mile radius of TOD and within 1/4 mile radius of a Transit Corridor by thirty percent (30%). Parking may be provided by ownership or lease off-site (i.e. properties outside of the SAP Area) within 1,000 feet of the SAP, subject to a covenant recorded against the sending and receiving site. A covenant is not required for off-site parking within the SAP since off-street Parking requirements within the SAP Area may be calculated and provided for in aggregate for new Buildings (with the exception of Block 5 East). See Sec. 3.6.1(a). Loading – See Art. 4, Table 5. (Note: parcels with Remaining Aggregate Density within the T6 transect zone may transfer such Remaining Aggregate Density to other parcels within the T6 transect zone within the SAP Area, for a maximum of 300 units per acre). 1 1 SHARED PARKING STANDARDS SHARING FACTOR The shared Parking Standards Table provides the method for calculating shared parking for buildings with more than one Use type. It refers to the parking requirements that appear in Table 4 and may apply in the aggregate district wide. The parking required for any two Functions on a Lot is calculated by dividing the number of spaces required by the lesser of the two uses by the appropriate factor from this Table and adding the result to the greater use parking requirement. For instance: for a building with a Residential Use requiring 100 spaces and a Commercial Use requiring 20 spaces, the 20 spaces divided by the sharing factor of 2 would reduce the total requirement to 100 plus 10 spaces. For uses not indicated in this chart on a mixed use lot, or within the mixed-use SAP area, a sharing factor of 2 shall be allowed. Additional sharing is allowed by Warrant. OFF-STREET PARKING STANDARDS 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 448/614

building with a Residential Use requiring 100 spaces and a Commercial Use requiring 20 spaces, the 20 spaces divided by the sharing factor of 2 would reduce the total requirement to 100 plus 10 spaces. For uses not indicated in this chart on a mixed use lot, or within the mixed-use SAP area, a sharing factor of 2 shall be allowed. Additional sharing is allowed by Warrant. OFF-STREET PARKING STANDARDS 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 448/614

ARTICLE 4 . TABLE 6 FRONTAGES ANGLE OF PARKING ACCESS AISLE WIDTH Driveways shall have a minimum of 10 feet of paved width of a one-way drive and 20 feet for a two-way drive for parking area providing 10 or more stalls. Pedestrian entrances shall be at least 3 feet from stall, driveway or access aisle. Allowable slopes, paving, and drainage as per Florida Building Code. Off-street Parking facilities shall have a minimum vertical clearance of 7 feet. Where such a facility is to be used by trucks or loading Uses, the minimum clearance shall be 12 feet Residential and 15 feet Commercial and Industrial. Ingress vehicular control devices shall be located so as to provide a minimum driveway of 20 feet in length between the Base Building Line and dispenser. For landscaping requirements of parking lots, refer to Miami-Dade County Landscape Ordinance and the City of Miami Off-street Parking Guides and Standards. Loading Spaces shall not be required for Ancillary Uses. ONE WAY TRAFFIC SINGLE LOADED ONE WAY TRAFFIC DOUBLE LOADED TWO WAY TRAFFIC DOUBLE LOADED 90 22 ft 22 ft 22 ft 60 12.8 ft 11.8 ft 19.3 ft 45 10.8 ft 9.5 ft 18.5 ft Parallel 10 ft 10 ft 20 ft Standard stall: 8.5 ft x 18 ft minimum LOADING BERTH STANDARDS T5, T6 NOTES RESIDENTIAL* Berth Size Loading Berths Berth Types Residential*: 240 sf = 10 ft x 20 ft x 12 ft Commercial**: 420 sf = 12 ft x 35 ft x 15 ft * Residential and Lodging loading berths shall be concealed within a building. ** 1 Commercial berth may be substituted by 2 Residential berths A required Commercial loading berth may be substituted be a lesser loading berth, if the size character, and operation of the Use is found to not require the dimensions specified and the required loading berth dimension could not otherwise be provided according to the regulations of this Code. Commercial berths may be shared by retail in same or abutting block. 420 sf 1 per first 100 units 240 sf 1 per each additional 100 units or fraction of 100 LODGING Berth Size Loading Berths 420 sf 1 per 300 240 sf 1 per 100 OFFICE COMMERCIAL** From 50,000 sf to 500,000 sf of Habitable Space Berth Size Loading Berths Area 420 sf 1st 50K sf - 120K sf 420 sf 2nd 120K sf - 250K sf 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 449/614 a. Common Lawn: a Frontage wherein the Façade is set back substantially from the Frontage Line. The front yard created remains unfenced and is visually continuous with adjacent yards, supporting a common landscape. The Setback can be densely landscaped to buffer from higher speed Thoroughfares. b. Porch & Fence: a Frontage wherein the Façade is set back from the Frontage Line with an attached Porch permitted to encroach. A fence at the Frontage Line maintains the demarcation of the yard while not blocking view into the front yard. c. Terrace or Light Court: a Frontage

12:48 PM Print about:blank 449/614 a. Common Lawn: a Frontage wherein the Façade is set back substantially from the Frontage Line. The front yard created remains unfenced and is visually continuous with adjacent yards, supporting a common landscape. The Setback can be densely landscaped to buffer from higher speed Thoroughfares. b. Porch & Fence: a Frontage wherein the Façade is set back from the Frontage Line with an attached Porch permitted to encroach. A fence at the Frontage Line maintains the demarcation of the yard while not blocking view into the front yard. c. Terrace or Light Court: a Frontage wherein the Façade is set back from the Frontage Line by an elevated terrace or a sunken light court. This type buffers residential use from urban sidewalks and removes the private yard from public encroachment. The raised terrace is suitable for outdoor cafes. d. Forecourt: a Frontage wherein a portion of the Façade is close to the Frontage Line with a portion set back. The forecourt with a large tree offers visual and environmental variety to the urban Streetscape. The Forecourt may accommodate a vehicular drop off. e. Stoop: a Frontage wherein the Façade is aligned close to the Frontage Line with the first Story elevated from the sidewalk sufficiently to secure privacy for the windows. The entrance is usually an exterior stair and landing. This type is recommended for ground-floor Residential Use. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 450/614 f. Shopfront: a Frontage wherein the Façade is aligned close to the Frontage Line with the Building entrance at sidewalk grade. This type is conventional for retail Use. It has substantial glazing at the sidewalk level and an Awning that may overhang the sidewalk. g. Gallery: a Frontage wherein the Façade is aligned close to the Frontage Line with an attached cantilevered or a lightweight colonnade overlapping the sidewalk. This type is conventional for retail Use. Allowed by SAP Permit. See 5.4.2, 5.5.2 and 5.6.2 of this Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan for additional regulations. h. Arcade: a Frontage wherein the Façade includes a colonnade that overlaps the sidewalk, while the Façade at sidewalk level remains at the Frontage Line. This type is conventional for retail Use. Arcades may contain programmable space or arcades or balconies above them corresponding with the width of the covered area. Allowed by SAP Permit. See 5.4.2, 5.5.2 and 5.6.2 of this Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan for additional regulations. i. Cantilever: a Frontage wherein the Facade includes a cantilevered section of a Building which overlaps the sidewalk, with the Facades at sidewalk level remaining at the Frontage or Front Setback Line. Cantilevers may contain programmable space or arcades or balconies above them corresponding with the width of the covered area or may be designed as architectural canopies. A variation may have a light support. Allowed by SAP Permit. See 5.4.2, 5.5.2 and 5.6.2 of this Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan for additional regulations. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM

Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan for additional regulations. i. Cantilever: a Frontage wherein the Facade includes a cantilevered section of a Building which overlaps the sidewalk, with the Facades at sidewalk level remaining at the Frontage or Front Setback Line. Cantilevers may contain programmable space or arcades or balconies above them corresponding with the width of the covered area or may be designed as architectural canopies. A variation may have a light support. Allowed by SAP Permit. See 5.4.2, 5.5.2 and 5.6.2 of this Miami Design District Retail Street Special Area Plan for additional regulations. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 451/614

ARTICLE 4 . TABLE 8 DEFINITIONS ILLUSTRATED j. Porte-Cochère: A specific Frontage type where the driveway goes beneath habitable space into a protected vehicular drop off and pedestrian entry area. A porte- cochère provides an opening through a continuous Building facade. Driveway width and separation rules for each Transect Zone shall apply. a. THOROUGHFARE & FRONTAGES b. TURNING RADIUS c. BUILDING DISPOSITION d. LOT LAYERS e. FRONTAGE & LOT LINES e. SETBACK DESIGNATIONS f. VISIBILITY TRIANGLE 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 452/614

ARTICLE 5 . SPECIFIC TO ZONES 5.1 GENERALLY 5.1.1 This Article sets forth the standards applicable to development within each Transect Zone located within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area. Provisions of the Miami 21 Code modified herein shall apply only within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. 5.4 GENERAL URBAN TRANSECT ZONES (T4) 5.4.1 Building Disposition (T4) a. Newly platted Lots shall be dimensioned according to Illustration 5.4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. b. Lot Coverage by any Building shall not exceed the percentage listed in Illustration 5.4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, calculated in aggregate for new Buildings only. 1. Block 5 East. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lot Coverage for new Buildings on Block 5 East shall be calculated independently of the aggregate calculation for new Buildings on the balance of the Blocks comprising the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Said Lot Coverage shall not exceed the percentage listed in Illustration 5.4 for Block 5 East of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. c. A Building shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of its Lot according to Illustration 5.4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. d. One Principal Building at the Frontage, and one Outbuilding to the rear of the Principal Building, may be built on each Lot as shown in Article 4, Table 8 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. The Outbuilding shall be separated from the Principal Building by a minimum of ten (10) feet. e. Setbacks for Principal Buildings shall be as set forth in Illustration 5.4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. 1. Block 5 East. For the Secondary Frontage along NE 43rd Street of Block 5 East, any Building shall be Setback a minimum of twenty-five feet (25’) from the Frontage Line for the initial one hundred and fifty feet (150’) of said Secondary Frontage from NE 2nd Avenue and, thereafter, shall be Setback a minimum of fifty feet (50’) from the Frontage Line for the balance of said Frontage to NE 4th Avenue. f. Facades shall be built within 10 feet of the Principal Frontage Line, for a minimum of fifty percent (50%) of its length. In lieu of the aforementioned requirement, Civic Space may be provided and applied towards the fifty percent (50%) minimum described above on the condition that (i) there is a building behind the Civic Space that meets the minimum façade requirements, or (ii) the Civic Space spans from one thoroughfare to another. Civic Space may also be provided along any Frontage Line as shown in Article 4, Table 7. In the absence of a Building or Civic Space along the remainder of a Frontage Line, a Street screen, art or landscaping shall shield parking and service areas. g. The Setbacks for Outbuildings, pools, tennis courts or other similar recreational facilities shall be as shown for Outbuildings in Illustration 5.4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. h. Accessory

a building behind the Civic Space that meets the minimum façade requirements, or (ii) the Civic Space spans from one thoroughfare to another. Civic Space may also be provided along any Frontage Line as shown in Article 4, Table 7. In the absence of a Building or Civic Space along the remainder of a Frontage Line, a Street screen, art or landscaping shall shield parking and service areas. g. The Setbacks for Outbuildings, pools, tennis courts or other similar recreational facilities shall be as shown for Outbuildings in Illustration 5.4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. h. Accessory Structures shall follow the setbacks for Principal Buildings as shown in Illustration 5.4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. One (1) Story, non-habitable Accessory Structures, of a maximum of two hundred (200) square feet or ten (10%) percent of the Floor Area of the Principal Building, whichever is greater, shall be located in the Second or Third layer of the property and shall be setback a minimum of five (5) feet from any side Property Line and ten (10) feet from any rear Property Line. 5.4.2 Building Configuration (T4) a. Development within Private Frontages shall comply with Illustration 5.4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. b. Galleries, Arcades and Cantilevered Buildings shall be permitted to extend above the Public Right-of-Way. (See Section 3.3.6 and Article 4, Table 6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP). In T4, an Arcade, Gallery or Cantilever, and the addition of any Habitable Space above an Arcade or Cantilever, shall require an SAP Permit and: (i) review by UDRB; and (ii) the approval of the Director of Public Works. 1. An Arcade shall not reduce the active Sidewalk width from the connecting Sidewalk and shall maintain a minimum vertical clearance of fifteen feet (15’) above the average Sidewalk grade. The Arcade shall be a minimum of thirteen feet (13’) deep and may overlap the whole width of the Sidewalk to within *ESA - Established Setback Area. See Miami 21 Appendix F Article 1 - Definitions 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 453/614 two (2’) feet of the curb. 2. A Cantilever extending into the Public Right-Of-Way, shall maintain a minimum vertical clearance of fifteen (15’) feet above the average Sidewalk grade. A Cantilever may overlap the whole width of the Sidewalk to within two (2’) feet of the curb. 3. A Gallery shall not reduce the active Sidewalk width from the connecting Sidewalk and shall maintain a minimum vertical clearance of fifteen feet (15’) above the average Sidewalk grade. The Gallery shall be a minimum of thirteen feet (13’) deep and may overlap the whole width of the Sidewalk to within two (2’) feet of the curb. c. Encroachments shall be allowed as follows: 1. Pedestrian Passage. An Awning and/or Canopy within the Pedestrian Passage shall be permitted to encroach to a maximum depth of eight (8) feet or twenty five percent (25%) of the width of the Pedestrian Passage, whichever

Gallery shall not reduce the active Sidewalk width from the connecting Sidewalk and shall maintain a minimum vertical clearance of fifteen feet (15’) above the average Sidewalk grade. The Gallery shall be a minimum of thirteen feet (13’) deep and may overlap the whole width of the Sidewalk to within two (2’) feet of the curb. c. Encroachments shall be allowed as follows: 1. Pedestrian Passage. An Awning and/or Canopy within the Pedestrian Passage shall be permitted to encroach to a maximum depth of eight (8) feet or twenty five percent (25%) of the width of the Pedestrian Passage, whichever is less. Such Encroachment shall further be limited by objects in the Pedestrian Passage such as trees, streetlamps, etc. Bottom edges of Awnings or Canopies shall be no lower than eight (8) feet above the pavement/floor. Awnings of the quarter- sphere type shall not be permitted. 2. Sidewalk or Public Alleys. Awnings or Canopies abutting a Sidewalk or a public Alley or similar Public Right-Of-Way shall be designed in accordance with Section 54-186 of the City Code and: i. Shall maintain a minimum vertical clearance of eight feet (8’) above the Sidewalk and shall not extend into or occupy more than two-thirds (2/3) of the width of the Sidewalk measured from the building where said Awning or Canopy has a vertical clearance of less than fifteen feet (15’)above the Sidewalk. ii. Stanchions or columns that support Awnings or Canopies shall be located not less than two (2’) feet in from the curb line. iii. Shall not extend over any portion of the Sidewalk within two (2’) feet of the curb where said Awning or Canopy has a minimum vertical clearance of fifteen (15’) feet or greater above the Sidewalk. iv. Shall be further limited by objects located within the Public Right-of-Way such as trees, street lights, etc. 3. Open Balconies, bay windows, planters and other architectural features shall be permitted to encroach into the Pedestrian Passage up to three (3) feet beyond the Building Facade for up to twenty five percent (25%) of the width of the Building Facade when located not less than fourteen (14’) feet above the surface of the Pedestrian Passage. d. Unroofed screen enclosures shall be located within the Second or Third Layer only and shall have a five (5) feet minimum side and rear Setback. e. All outdoor storage, electrical, plumbing, mechanical, and communications equipment and appurtenant enclosures, shall be within the Second or Third Layer and concealed from view from any Frontage or sidewalk by liner buildings, walls, Streetscreens, or opaque gates. These shall not be allowed as Encroachments on any required Setback, except for Buildings existing as of the effective date of this Code, where mechanical equipment, such as air conditioning units, pumps, exhaust fans or other similar noise producing equipment may be allowed as Encroachments in the Setback by SAP Permit. f. Loading and service entries shall be accessed from Alleys when available. When a Lot has only Principal Frontages, vehicular entries,

and appurtenant enclosures, shall be within the Second or Third Layer and concealed from view from any Frontage or sidewalk by liner buildings, walls, Streetscreens, or opaque gates. These shall not be allowed as Encroachments on any required Setback, except for Buildings existing as of the effective date of this Code, where mechanical equipment, such as air conditioning units, pumps, exhaust fans or other similar noise producing equipment may be allowed as Encroachments in the Setback by SAP Permit. f. Loading and service entries shall be accessed from Alleys when available. When a Lot has only Principal Frontages, vehicular entries, Loading Docks and service areas shall be permitted on Principal Frontages. Loading and service entries shall be screened from all Pedestrian Passage and Principal Frontage views by decorative walls or gates, commercial grade decorative wood or metal, tile, artistic or non-advertising signage (including way finding signage), Streetscreens or art or green walls. Where a Lot is located on one (1) or more State or County Thoroughfares and is within 200 feet of a T3 Transect Zone on the same side of such Thoroughfare, all vehicular entries, Loading Docks, and service areas may be accessed from a single access point on the Principal Frontage. g. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall conform to Illustration 5.4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. The first-floor Elevation of a Principal Building shall be at average Sidewalk grade; a first-floor Residential Function should be at a minimum Height of two (2) feet and a maximum Height of three and a half (3.5) feet for privacy reasons or as regulated by FEMA, whichever is higher. The height of the building shall be up to three (3) Stories, and a maximum of forty (40) feet to the top of the roof slab. 1. Block 5 East. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any portion of a Building or Structure located within Zone B of Block 5 East shall not exceed one (1) Story with a maximum Height of twenty-five (25’) feet. See also Illustration 5.4 for Block 5 East and Sec. A4.3 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP Concept Book. h. Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be enclosed by parapets of the minimum height necessary to conceal it, and a maximum height of five (5) feet . Roof decks shall be permitted up to the Maximum Building Height. Trellises may extend above the Maximum Building Height up to eight (8) feet. Structures for housing climate-controlled stairs, elevators, elevator lobbies, kitchens, bathrooms or mechanical enclosures shall be limited to twenty (20%) percent of the roof area and may extend up to fourteen (14) feet above the Maximum Building Height, or higher if approved by SAP Permit. Other ornamental Building features including sculpture, artistic installations or decorative screens may extend up to fourteen (14) feet above the Maximum Building Height, or higher by SAP Permit. i. Fences and walls may be located at the Frontage Line as shown in Article 4, Table 6 of

the Maximum Building Height up to eight (8) feet. Structures for housing climate-controlled stairs, elevators, elevator lobbies, kitchens, bathrooms or mechanical enclosures shall be limited to twenty (20%) percent of the roof area and may extend up to fourteen (14) feet above the Maximum Building Height, or higher if approved by SAP Permit. Other ornamental Building features including sculpture, artistic installations or decorative screens may extend up to fourteen (14) feet above the Maximum Building Height, or higher by SAP Permit. i. Fences and walls may be located at the Frontage Line as shown in Article 4, Table 6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Fences and walls shall be a maximum Height of four (4) feet at the Frontage Line, except aluminum, wood, commercial grade decorative wood or iron picket and post Fences with or without masonry posts which shall not exceed a maximum of eight (8) feet in Height. Within the Second and Third Layers, Fences and walls shall be a maximum Height of eight (8) feet, unless otherwise approved by SAP Permit. j. All ground floor and roof top utility infrastructure and mechanical equipment shall be concealed from public view. At the Building Frontage, all equipment such as backflow preventers, siamese connections, and the like shall be placed within the line of the Facade or behind the Streetscreen. Exhaust air fans and louvers may be allowed on the Facade only on Frontages located not less than fourteen (14’) feet above the Sidewalk in a fashion that does not adversely impact the pedestrian experience. All service infrastructure and utility elements, including, but not limited to, electrical transformers, telephone boxes, cable and other utility boxes, utility wiring, meters, backflow preventers, condensers, dumpsters and loading docks, shall be screened from all Pedestrian Passage and street views by walls or gates. Loading and service entries shall be accessed from subterranean garages or designated service areas. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 454/614 k. Service, infrastructure and utility elements may be creatively concealed or emphasized. Rooftop elements, such as equipment, tanks, exits and elevator towers, shall be designed, housed or concealed as architectural elements worthy of public view as such elements shall be visible from the elevated highway and surrounding Buildings. 5.4.3 Building Function & Density (T4) a. Buildings in T4 shall conform to the Functions, Densities, and Intensities described in Article 4, Tables 3 and 4 and Illustration 5.4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Certain functions as shown in Article 4, Table 3 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP shall require approval by Warrant or Exception. Consult Article 6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP for any supplemental use regulations. 5.4.4 Parking Standards (T4) a. Vehicular parking shall be required as shown in Article 4, Tables 4 and 5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. b. Parking may be accessed by an Alley when available. c. Surface parking lots, covered parking and garages shall be located within the Second and Third

the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Certain functions as shown in Article 4, Table 3 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP shall require approval by Warrant or Exception. Consult Article 6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP for any supplemental use regulations. 5.4.4 Parking Standards (T4) a. Vehicular parking shall be required as shown in Article 4, Tables 4 and 5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. b. Parking may be accessed by an Alley when available. c. Surface parking lots, covered parking and garages shall be located within the Second and Third Layers as illustrated in Article 4, Table 8 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Surface parking lots, garages, Loading space and service areas shall be masked from the Frontage by a Streetscreen as specified in Illustration 5.4 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. A maximum one hundred percent (100%) of the width of the Facade may be surface parking, covered parking or garage, which shall align with or be setback from the Facade. Driveways and drop-offs, including parking, may be located within the Second Layer. Where a Setback exists, Porte-Cochères may encroach into the Setback or may provide a gateway through the Building's façade into the Second or Third Layer. d. Underground parking may extend up to the Property Line. Ramps to underground parking shall be within the Second and Third Layers. Underground structures should be entered by pedestrians from a Building or the Pedestrian Passage. e. The maximum width at the Property Line of a driveway on a Frontage shall be twelve (12) feet. Shared driveway width combining ingress and egress shall be a maximum width of thirty-five (35) feet at the Property Line and may encroach into Setbacks. Two separate driveways on one Lot shall have a minimum separation of twenty (20) feet. Any vehicular drive greater than twenty (20) feet in width shall require a median of not less than three (3) feet in width between vehicular ingress and egress travel lanes to enhance pedestrian safety. 1. Block 5 East. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no driveways or curb cuts shall be permitted along the Frontage abutting NE 43rd Street east of NE 2nd Avenue. f. Tandem Parking on site should be encouraged. g. Shared Parking shall be calculated according to Article 4, Table 5 for the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. h. In T4-L and T4-O a minimum of one (1) bicycle rack space shall be provided for every twenty (20) vehicular parking spaces and may be in the Private Frontage or the Public Right-of-Way in a fashion consistent with the guidelines referenced in 3.6.10.d of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. i. Where Lots are Abutting, underground parking may extend to Abutting Blocks and Lots, including under Thoroughfares., as described in the Development Agreements or as otherwise authorized by the City. j. Above-grade parking may extend into the Second Layer above a first floor Liner with decorative Facade treatment matching the

T4-L and T4-O a minimum of one (1) bicycle rack space shall be provided for every twenty (20) vehicular parking spaces and may be in the Private Frontage or the Public Right-of-Way in a fashion consistent with the guidelines referenced in 3.6.10.d of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. i. Where Lots are Abutting, underground parking may extend to Abutting Blocks and Lots, including under Thoroughfares., as described in the Development Agreements or as otherwise authorized by the City. j. Above-grade parking may extend into the Second Layer above a first floor Liner with decorative Facade treatment matching the Liner Facade below or an art or green wall. Underground Parking may extend above grade into a first floor Liner if the Building Facade is designed to meet the Sidewalk in such a manner that fully obscures the Parking Area. 5.4.5 Architectural Standards (T4) a. Only permanent structures shall be allowed. Temporary Structures, such as mobile homes, construction trailers, travel trailers, recreational vehicles and other temporary structures, shall not be allowed except as otherwise permitted by City Code. b. The Facades on Retail Frontages shall be detailed as storefronts with decorative Facade treatment or an art or green wall, and glazed no less than fifty percent (50%) of the Sidewalklevel Story. A reduction to the above glazing standard to provide between forty-nine percent (49%) and thirty percent (30%) glazing may be granted by SAP Permit. Requests for reductions to provide between twenty-nine percent (29%) to a minimum of fifteen percent (15%) glazing may be granted by SAP Permit with review by the UDRB. c. Roof materials should be light-colored, high-Albedo or a planted surface and shall comply with Article 3, Section 3.13.2 of this Code. d. Building walls shall generally reinforce the continuity of the Frontage Line and of the a Pedestrian Passage by their surfaces and by their establishment of the edge. Building walls may curve, angle, or deviate from the Setback, established pursuant to Sec. 3.3.6, by no more than ten feet (10’) if approved by SAP Permit. 1. Block 5 East. Building walls for the Secondary Frontage abutting NE 43rd Street may depart from the above requirement in a manner consistent with the standards set forth in Sec. 5.4.1.e.1. e. Each Shopfront Facade may be an individual design. In the case of Abutting Shopfront Facades, their designs shall be coordinated. Party walls may extend beyond or above the walls of Abutting Buildings and shall be designed and finished as if they were intended to be permanent, as they may be seen from Thoroughfares, the Pedestrian Passage, and from surrounding Buildings. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 455/614 f. Entrance doors shall be at Sidewalk grade or the grade of the Pedestrian Passage, with the exception to entrance doors for existing Buildings and their additions. At the first Story, Facades along a Frontage Line shall have: (i) frequent doors and windows; (ii) pedestrian entrances at a maximum spacing of seventy-five (75’) feet; and (iii) vehicular entries at a minimum

the walls of Abutting Buildings and shall be designed and finished as if they were intended to be permanent, as they may be seen from Thoroughfares, the Pedestrian Passage, and from surrounding Buildings. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 455/614 f. Entrance doors shall be at Sidewalk grade or the grade of the Pedestrian Passage, with the exception to entrance doors for existing Buildings and their additions. At the first Story, Facades along a Frontage Line shall have: (i) frequent doors and windows; (ii) pedestrian entrances at a maximum spacing of seventy-five (75’) feet; and (iii) vehicular entries at a minimum spacing of sixty (60’) feet, unless otherwise approved by SAP Permit. g. The visible exterior soffits of Balconies and roof overhangs and the ceilings of Arcades and Balconies shall be articulated with attention to materials and lighting given that the undersides of such elements are frequently more visible than the Facade. 5.4.6 Landscape Standards (T4) a. Open Space Calculation. Open Space shall be calculated on an aggregate basis for all of the new Building Lots included as part of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP and shall be a minimum of six and a half percent (6.5%) of the total new Building Lot Area. Should the Open Space set forth on page A1.8 of the Concept Book fall below ten percent (10%) of the total new Building Lot Area, the owner(s) of the multiple properties comprising the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area shall offset the difference between the desired ten percent (10%) Open Space and the required six and a half percent (6.5%) Open Space in accordance with the terms of each of the respective Development Agreements, as applicable. Areas under permanent kiosks or Retail Merchandising Units shall not be calculated as Open Space. 1. Block 5 East. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Open Space for Block 5 East shall be calculated independently of the aggregate calculation for new Buildings on the balance of the Blocks comprising the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Open Space for Block 5 East shall be a minimum of six and a half percent (6.5%) of the Block 5 East Lot Area. Should the Open Space provided on Block 5 East fall below ten percent (10%) of the Block 5 East Lot Area, the owner(s) of the tracts comprising Block 5 East shall off-set the difference desired ten percent (10%) Open Space and the required six and a half percent (6.5%) Open Space in accordance with the terms of the Helm Development Agreement. b. Please see Article 9 for Additional Regulations. 5.4.7 Ambient Standards (T4) a. Noise regulation shall be as established by the City Code. b. Average lighting levels measured at the Building Frontage shall not exceed 2.0 foot-candles (fc). Average Horizontal illuminance, measured at the Building Frontage, where adjacent to T3 shall not exceed 1.0 fc. c. Lighting of Building and Open Space of First and Second Layers shall complement the street lighting of Abutting public spaces. d. The lighting fixtures

the required six and a half percent (6.5%) Open Space in accordance with the terms of the Helm Development Agreement. b. Please see Article 9 for Additional Regulations. 5.4.7 Ambient Standards (T4) a. Noise regulation shall be as established by the City Code. b. Average lighting levels measured at the Building Frontage shall not exceed 2.0 foot-candles (fc). Average Horizontal illuminance, measured at the Building Frontage, where adjacent to T3 shall not exceed 1.0 fc. c. Lighting of Building and Open Space of First and Second Layers shall complement the street lighting of Abutting public spaces. d. The lighting fixtures of exposed rooftop parking shall be concealed by a parapet wall and shall not be seen from surrounding streets. e. Neither direct nor reflected light or glare shall extend or pollute beyond parapet walls. ILLUSTRATION 5.4 URBAN CENTER TRANSECT ZONES (T4) (The table below can also be found in Ord.14244 14/12/2023 PDF here) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 456/614 BUILDING DISPOSITION LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area - if rear vehicular access 5,000 s.f. min. 1,400 s.f. min. b. Lot Width - if rear vehicular access 50 ft. min. 16 ft. min. c. Lot Coverage 93.5 % SAP aggregate, except Block 5 East. See 5.4.1.(b) d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback 50% min. or as permitted in 5.4.1.(f) f. Open Space Requirements 6.5 % min.SAP aggregate, except Block 5 East g. Density 36 du/acre max. BUILDING SETBACK a. Principal Front Est. Setback 0 ft or 10 ft max. via SAP Permit b. Secondary Front Est. Setback or 10 ft max.via SAP Permit, except along NE 43 Street for Block 5 East 25 ft or 50 ft min. See 5.4.1.(e) c. Side 0 ft. min. n/a for Block 5 East d. Rear 20 ft. min. n/a for Block 5 East OUTBUILDING SETBACK (Note: Outbuilding Setbacks are not applicable to Block 5 East) Principal Front 30 ft. min. Secondary Front 10 ft. min. Side 0 ft. min. Rear 5 ft. min. 1 2 3 rd 4 5 6 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 457/614 Block 5 East shall meet its Lot Coverage requirements independently. For further information regarding Open Space, please see Section (15)(b) of the MDDA Development Agreement except: for Block 5 East, see Section (13) of the Helm Development Agreement; and for applicable parcels in Block 5, See Section (13) of the Flagler Development Agreement. Please see Article 4 Table 8 regarding no First Layer in the SAP Area. Block 5 East Secondary Frontage along NE 43 Street shall be Setback 25 ft min. for 150 ft from NE 2 Avenue and thereafter 50 ft min. See 5.4.1.(e). Where an adjacent Building has a side Setback, then new Building shall match said Setback up to 5 ft. Where an adjacent Building has a side Setback, then new Building shall match said Setback up to 5 ft. 5.5 URBAN CENTER TRANSECT ZONES (T5) 5.5.1 Building Disposition (T5) a. Newly platted Lots shall be dimensioned according to Illustration

see Article 4 Table 8 regarding no First Layer in the SAP Area. Block 5 East Secondary Frontage along NE 43 Street shall be Setback 25 ft min. for 150 ft from NE 2 Avenue and thereafter 50 ft min. See 5.4.1.(e). Where an adjacent Building has a side Setback, then new Building shall match said Setback up to 5 ft. Where an adjacent Building has a side Setback, then new Building shall match said Setback up to 5 ft. 5.5 URBAN CENTER TRANSECT ZONES (T5) 5.5.1 Building Disposition (T5) a. Newly platted Lots shall be dimensioned according to Illustration 5.5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. b. Lot coverage by any Building shall not exceed the percentage listed in Illustration 5.5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, calculated in aggregate for new Buildings only. 1. Block 5 East. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lot Coverage for new Buildings in Block 5 East shall be calculated independent of the aggregate calculation for new Buildings on the balance of the Blocks comprising the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Said Lot Coverage shall not exceed the percentage listed in Illustration 5.5 for Block 5 East of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. 2. Block 3 West B and Block 2 West B and C. Lot coverage, Open Space, and Civic Space within Block 3 West B, Block 2 West B and C may be calculated in the aggregate; however, Lot Coverage, Open Space, and Civic Space shall be calculated independent of the aggregate calculation for new Buildings within the Miami Design District Retail SAP Area. c. Buildings shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of their Lots according to Illustration 5.5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. d. Buildings or Shopfronts shall have their principal pedestrian entrances on the Pedestrian Passage, a Principal Frontage Line or from a Courtyard at the Second Layer. Where a Building or Shopfront fronts both the Pedestrian Passage and a Principal Frontage and its length along the Principal Frontage is BUILDING CONFIGURATION FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn permitted b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C. permitted d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T4 L & O only) g. Gallery permitted* h. Arcade permitted* i. Cantilever permitted* j. Porte- Cochère permitted* *Habitable Space allowed above via SAP Permit BUILDING HEIGHT a. Principal Building 3 Stories and 40 ft. max. except 1 Story and 25 ft. max. for Block 5 East b. Outbuilding 2 Stories max. n/a for Block 5 East 1 2 3 4 rd nd 5 6 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 458/614 eighty (80’) feet or less, its principal pedestrian entrance may be located on either the Pedestrian Passage or the Principal Frontage. Where a Building or Shopfront fronts both the Pedestrian Passage and a Principal Frontage and its length along the Principal Frontage is greater than eighty (80’) feet on the ground floor fronts on both the Pedestrian Passage and a Principal Frontage, its

ft. max. except 1 Story and 25 ft. max. for Block 5 East b. Outbuilding 2 Stories max. n/a for Block 5 East 1 2 3 4 rd nd 5 6 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 458/614 eighty (80’) feet or less, its principal pedestrian entrance may be located on either the Pedestrian Passage or the Principal Frontage. Where a Building or Shopfront fronts both the Pedestrian Passage and a Principal Frontage and its length along the Principal Frontage is greater than eighty (80’) feet on the ground floor fronts on both the Pedestrian Passage and a Principal Frontage, its principal pedestrian entrance shall be located on the Principal Frontage. e. For the minimum Height, Facades shall be built within 10 feet of the Principal Frontage Line for a minimum of sixty percent (60%) of its length. In lieu of the aforementioned requirement, Civic Space may be provided and applied towards the sixty percent (60%) minimum described above on the condition that (i) there is a building behind the Civic Space that meets the minimum façade requirements, or (ii) the Civic Space spans from one thoroughfare to another. Civic Space may also be provided along any Frontage Line as shown in Article 4, Table 7. In the absence of a Building or Civic Space along the remainder of a Frontage Line, a Street screen, art or landscaping shall shield parking and service areas. In the case of two (2) or more Principal Frontages meeting at Thoroughfare intersections, the Building corner may recede from the designated Setback up to twenty percent (20%) of the Lot length. f. At the first Story, Facades along a Principal Frontage should have frequent doors and windows. g. Setbacks for Buildings shall be as shown in Illustration 5.5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. h. A cross-Block passage shall be provided as follows: 1. Cross-Block Pedestrian Connection. If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point more than three hundred and forty (340) feet from a Thoroughfare intersection, the Building shall provide a cross-Block Pedestrian Passage, subject to the following exceptions: a. Block 3 West A and B. An above ground Parking Garage or above ground Parking Structure located in Block 3 West A shall not be required to provide a cross-Block Pedestrian Passage. In addition, a cross-block Pedestrian Passage shall not be required for Block 3 West B b. Block 4. A cross-Block Pedestrian Passage shall not be provided to exit onto NE 42nd Street. c. Block 5 East. In lieu of providing a cross-Block Pedestrian Passage for Block 5 East, any Building or Structure constructed thereon shall, at a minimum, incorporate a Cantilever, Arcade or Gallery along NE 2nd Avenue Frontage for Block 5 East, cantilevered Awnings and entry Canopies shall be liberally used as part of the Building design along said Frontage, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5.5.2 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, and in combination with street trees to ensure that pedestrians

A cross-Block Pedestrian Passage shall not be provided to exit onto NE 42nd Street. c. Block 5 East. In lieu of providing a cross-Block Pedestrian Passage for Block 5 East, any Building or Structure constructed thereon shall, at a minimum, incorporate a Cantilever, Arcade or Gallery along NE 2nd Avenue Frontage for Block 5 East, cantilevered Awnings and entry Canopies shall be liberally used as part of the Building design along said Frontage, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5.5.2 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, and in combination with street trees to ensure that pedestrians are adequately protected from the elements. 2. Cross-Block Vehicular Passage. If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point six hundred and fifty (650) feet from a Thoroughfare intersection, a vehicular cross-Block passage shall be provided. 5.5.2 Building Configuration (T5) a. Development within Private Frontages shall comply with Illustration 5.5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. b. Galleries, Arcades and Cantilevered Buildings shall be permitted to extend above the Public Right-of-Way. (See Section 3.3.6 and Article 4, Table 6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP). In T5, an Arcade, Gallery or Cantilever, and the addition of any Habitable Space above an Arcade or Cantilever, shall require an SAP Permit and: (i) review by UDRB; and (ii) the approval of the Director of Public Works. 1. An Arcade shall not reduce the active Sidewalk width from the connecting Sidewalk, and shall maintain a minimum vertical clearance of fifteen feet (15’) above the average Sidewalk grade. The Arcade shall be no less than thirteen (13’) feet deep and may overlap the whole width of the Sidewalk to within two (2’) feet of the curb. 2. A Cantilever extending into the Public Right-Of-Way shall maintain a minimum vertical clearance of fifteen (15’) feet above the average Sidewalk grade. A Cantilever may overlap the whole width of the Sidewalk to within not less than two (2’) feet of the curb. 3. A Gallery shall not reduce the active Sidewalk width from the connecting Sidewalk and shall maintain a minimum vertical clearance of fifteen (15’) feet above the average Sidewalk grade. The Gallery shall be a minimum of thirteen (13’) feet deep and may overlap the whole width of the Sidewalk to within two (2’) feet of the curb. c. Encroachments shall be allowed as follows: 1. Pedestrian Passage. Awnings and/or Canopies within the Pedestrian Passage shall be permitted to encroach to a maximum depth of eight feet (8’) or twenty five percent (25%) of the width of the Pedestrian Passage. Such encroachment shall be further limited by objects located within the Pedestrian Passage such as trees, street lights, etc. Bottom edges of Awnings or Canopies shall be no lower than eight feet (8’) above the pavement/floor. Awnings of the quarter-sphere type shall not be permitted. 2. Sidewalk or Public Alleys. Awnings or Canopies abutting a Sidewalk or public Alley or similar Public Right-Of-Way shall be designed in accordance

Awnings and/or Canopies within the Pedestrian Passage shall be permitted to encroach to a maximum depth of eight feet (8’) or twenty five percent (25%) of the width of the Pedestrian Passage. Such encroachment shall be further limited by objects located within the Pedestrian Passage such as trees, street lights, etc. Bottom edges of Awnings or Canopies shall be no lower than eight feet (8’) above the pavement/floor. Awnings of the quarter-sphere type shall not be permitted. 2. Sidewalk or Public Alleys. Awnings or Canopies abutting a Sidewalk or public Alley or similar Public Right-Of-Way shall be designed in accordance with the Section 54-186 of the City Code and: i. Shall maintain a minimum clearance of eight feet (8’) above the Sidewalk and shall not extend into or occupy more than two-thirds (2/3) of the width of the Sidewalk measured from the building where said Awning or Canopy has a vertical clearance of less than fifteen (15’) feet above the Sidewalk. ii. Stanchions or columns that support Awnings or Canopies shall be located not less than two (2’) feet from within the curb line. iii. Shall not extend over any portion of the Sidewalk within two (2’) feet of the curb where said Awning or Canopy has a minimum vertical clearance of less than fifteen (15’) feet above the Sidewalk. 3. Other cantilevered portions of the Building shall maintain the required Setbacks. At the Second and Third Layers, bay windows, chimneys, roofs, and stairs may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the depth of the side or rear Setback. At the Second and Third Layers, Balconies may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the depth of the side or rear Setback. 4. Open Balconies, bay windows, planters and other architectural features shall be permitted to encroach into the Pedestrian Passage up to three (3) feet beyond the Building Facade for up to twenty five percent (25%) of the width of the Building Facade when located not less than fourteen feet (14’) above the surface of the Pedestrian Passage. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 459/614 5. Pedestrian bridges shall have no Setback and may encroach into the Right-of-Way as permitted by Public Works and as may be permitted in the Development Agreements. d. Screen enclosures shall be located within the Second or Third Layer only and shall have a five (5) feet minimum side and rear Setback when Abutting T3 or T4. e. Loading and service entries shall be accessed from Alleys when available and otherwise from the Secondary Frontage. When Lots have only Principal Frontages, vehicular entries, Loading spaces and service areas shall be permitted on Principal Frontages. Loading and service entries shall be screened from all Pedestrian Passage and Primary Frontage views by decorative walls, gates or Streetscreens. Where a Lot is located on one (1) or more State or County Thoroughfares and is within 200 feet of a T3 Transect Zone on the same side of such Thoroughfare, all vehicular entries, Loading Docks, and service areas

T3 or T4. e. Loading and service entries shall be accessed from Alleys when available and otherwise from the Secondary Frontage. When Lots have only Principal Frontages, vehicular entries, Loading spaces and service areas shall be permitted on Principal Frontages. Loading and service entries shall be screened from all Pedestrian Passage and Primary Frontage views by decorative walls, gates or Streetscreens. Where a Lot is located on one (1) or more State or County Thoroughfares and is within 200 feet of a T3 Transect Zone on the same side of such Thoroughfare, all vehicular entries, Loading Docks, and service areas may be accessed from a single access point on the Principal Frontage. f. All outdoor storage, electrical, plumbing, mechanical, and communications equipment and appurtenant enclosures shall be located within the Second or Third Layer and concealed from view from any Frontage or Sidewalk by Liner Buildings, walls, Streetscreens, or opaque gates. These shall not be allowed as Encroachments. g. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories or feet and shall conform to Illustration 5.5 for each Block of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. The first floor elevation shall be at average Sidewalk grade. A first floor Residential Function should be raised a minimum of two (2) feet and a maximum of three and a half (3.5) feet above average Sidewalk grade. Existing one Story Structures shall be considered conforming and may be enlarged. Each of the following Blocks shall be subject to the additional standards set forth herein below: 1. Block 3 West A and Block 3 West B. Parking Garages or Parking Structures located on Block 3 West A, and Buildings and Structures, or portions thereof, located on Block 3 West B shall have a Maximum Building Height of eighty-one feet (81’) with no limitation on the total number of Stories 2. Block 4. Buildings and Structures, or portions thereof, located on Block 4 shall be limited to a Maximum Building Height of fifty feet (50’). 3. Block 5 East. Buildings and Structures, or portions thereof, located on Block 5 East shall be developed in a manner consistent with the standards for each of the Block 5 East zones depicted in Section A4.3 of the Miami Design District SAP Concept Book. Said Building(s) and Structure(s) shall comply with the following Maximum Building Heights for each zone: i. Zone C: 2 Stories ii. Zone D: 4 Stories iii. Zone D2: 5 Stories iv. Zone E: 5 Stories Within Zone E, the introduction of a mezzanine level within the 5th Story shall be permitted and shall not be counted as an additional Story so long as the Height of the improvements located within said zone do not exceed eight-one feet (81’). h. Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be enclosed by parapets of the minimum height necessary to conceal it, and a maximum height of five (5) feet. Roof decks shall be permitted up to the Maximum Building Height. Trellises may extend above the Maximum Building Height up to

Zone D2: 5 Stories iv. Zone E: 5 Stories Within Zone E, the introduction of a mezzanine level within the 5th Story shall be permitted and shall not be counted as an additional Story so long as the Height of the improvements located within said zone do not exceed eight-one feet (81’). h. Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be enclosed by parapets of the minimum height necessary to conceal it, and a maximum height of five (5) feet. Roof decks shall be permitted up to the Maximum Building Height. Trellises may extend above the Maximum Building Height up to eight (8) feet. Structures for housing climate-controlled stairs, elevators, elevator lobbies, kitchens, bathrooms or mechanical enclosures shall be limited to twenty (20%) percent of the roof area and may extend up to fourteen (14) feet above the Maximum Building Height, or higher if approved by SAP Permit. Other ornamental Building features including sculpture, artistic installations or decorative screens may extend up to fourteen (14) feet above the Maximum Building Height, or higher by SAP Permit. i. All ground floor and roof top utility infrastructure and mechanical equipment shall be concealed from public view. At the Building Frontage, all equipment such as backflow preventers, siamese connections, and the like shall be screened from public view with landscaping or a similar aesthetic treatment placed within the line of the Facade or located behind the Streetscreen. Exhaust air fans and louvers may be allowed on the Facade only when located not less than fourteen (14’) feet above the average Sidewalk Elevation in a fashion that does not adversely impact the pedestrian experience. Service, infrastructure and utility elements may be creatively concealed or emphasized. Rooftop elements, such as equipment, tanks, exits and elevator towers, shall be designed, housed or concealed as architectural elements worthy of public view as such elements shall be visible from the elevated highway and surrounding Buildings. j. Streetscreens or fences shall be a minimum of three and a half (3.5) feet in Height and constructed of a material matching the adjacent building Facade or of masonry, wood commercial grade decorative wood or metal, tile, artistic or non-advertising signage (including way finding), or art or a green wall. The Streetscreen may be replaced by a hedge or fence. Streetscreens shall have openings no larger than necessary to allow automobile and pedestrian access. Streetscreens shall be located co-planar with the Building Facade Line. Streetscreens more than three (3) feet high shall be fifty percent (50%) permeable or articulated to avoid blank walls. k. Within the Second and Third Layers, fences and walls shall not exceed a Height of eight (8) feet, unless approved by SAP Permit, with the exception of Streetscreens masking loading docks and temporary constructions fences. 5.5.3 Building Function & Density (T5) a. Buildings in T5 shall conform to the Functions, Densities, and Intensities described in Article 4, Tables 3 and 4 and Illustration 5.5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Certain Functions as shown in Article 4,

Line. Streetscreens more than three (3) feet high shall be fifty percent (50%) permeable or articulated to avoid blank walls. k. Within the Second and Third Layers, fences and walls shall not exceed a Height of eight (8) feet, unless approved by SAP Permit, with the exception of Streetscreens masking loading docks and temporary constructions fences. 5.5.3 Building Function & Density (T5) a. Buildings in T5 shall conform to the Functions, Densities, and Intensities described in Article 4, Tables 3 and 4 and Illustration 5.5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Certain Functions as shown in Article 4, Table 3 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP shall require approval by Warrant or Exception. Consult Article 6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP for any Supplemental Use regulations. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 460/614 5.5.4 Parking Standards (T5) a. Vehicular parking and loading shall be required as shown in Article 4, Tables 4 and 5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. b. On-street parking available along the Frontage Lines that correspond to each Lot shall be counted toward the parking requirement of the Building on the Lot. c. Parking should be accessed by an Alley. Parking shall, when available, be accessed from the Secondary Frontage. Where Lots have only Principal Frontages, parking may be accessed from the Principal Frontages. When a Lot has only Principal Frontages, Driveways, Loading Docks and service areas shall be at the Second Layer and permitted on Principal Frontages. d. All parking, open parking areas, covered parking, garages, Loading Spaces and service areas, with the exception of drop-off drives and Porte-Cochères, shall be masked from the Frontage by a Streetscreen as illustrated in Article 4, Table 8 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Parking, drop-off drives and Porte-Cochères may extend into the Second Layer with appropriate Facade or Landscape treatment. Underground parking may extend into the Second Layer only if it is fully underground. Ramps to underground parking shall be only within the Second and Third Layers. Above ground parking may extend into the Second Layer with appropriate Facade treatment. For any above ground parking structures located at the intersection of two Thoroughfares, a retail liner shall be provided for a minimum of fifty (50) feet in order to complement the surrounding architecture. Surface parking may extend into the Second Layer a maximum of twenty five percent (25%) of the length of the Primary Frontage up to a maximum of fifty (50) feet, except Interim Parking which may be 100% of the length of the Primary Frontage and shall comply with all other applicable City Code regulations. e. The vehicular entrance of a parking Lot or garage on a Frontage shall be no wider than forty-five (45) feet. A single vehicular entrance and/or exit consisting of a single curb cut of up to fifty (50) feet wide may be permitted per Block by SAP Permit when it is demonstrated that the following criteria is met: i. No

(25%) of the length of the Primary Frontage up to a maximum of fifty (50) feet, except Interim Parking which may be 100% of the length of the Primary Frontage and shall comply with all other applicable City Code regulations. e. The vehicular entrance of a parking Lot or garage on a Frontage shall be no wider than forty-five (45) feet. A single vehicular entrance and/or exit consisting of a single curb cut of up to fifty (50) feet wide may be permitted per Block by SAP Permit when it is demonstrated that the following criteria is met: i. No more than (3) new vehicular entrances and/or exits consisting of a single curb cut of fifty (50) feet wide shall be permitted across the SAP Area. Only said extended vehicular entrances and/or exits created after January 1, 2024 shall count towards this threshold. ii. Only one (1) fifty (50) foot wide vehicular entrance and/or exit allowed per project. iii. Consolidates and reduces the total necessary vehicular entrances and/or exits. iv. Reduces the overall width of the vehicular entrances and/or exits per development site. v. Includes streetscape design elements that create safe and comfortable pedestrian environment across the extended vehicular entrances and/or exits. The minimum distance between vehicular entrances shall be twenty (20) feet at the Property Line, unless approved by SAP Permit, and may encroach into Setbacks. Where the vehicular entrance exceeds thirty (30) feet in width, a median of not less than three (3) feet in width shall be provided between vehicular ingress and egress travel lanes to enhance pedestrian safety. 1. Block 3 West A. For any Parking Garage or Parking Structure in Block 3 West A identified on page A2.2 of the Concept Book, the vehicular entrance of said parking lot or garage shall be limited to total vehicular pavement not wider than fifty-one feet (51’) (exclusive of the width of the pedestrian refuge and any abutting alley) upon approval by SAP Permit. f. Pedestrian entrances to all parking lots and parking structures shall be directly from a Frontage Line. Underground parking structures should be entered by pedestrians directly from a Principal Building or the Pedestrian Passage. g. Buildings mixing Uses shall provide parking for each Use. Shared Parking shall be calculated according to Article 4, Table 5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. h. Underground parking may extend up to the Property Line. Ramps to underground parking shall be within the Second and Third Layers. Where Lots are Abutting, underground parking may extend to Abutting Blocks and Lots, including under Thoroughfares, as described in the Development Agreements or as otherwise authorized by the City. i. Above-grade parking may extend into the Second Layer above a first floor Liner with decorative Facade treatment matching the Liner Facade below or an art or green wall. Underground Parking may extend above-grade into a first floor Liner if the Building Facade is designed to meet the Sidewalk in such a manner that fully obscures the Parking Area. 1.

to underground parking shall be within the Second and Third Layers. Where Lots are Abutting, underground parking may extend to Abutting Blocks and Lots, including under Thoroughfares, as described in the Development Agreements or as otherwise authorized by the City. i. Above-grade parking may extend into the Second Layer above a first floor Liner with decorative Facade treatment matching the Liner Facade below or an art or green wall. Underground Parking may extend above-grade into a first floor Liner if the Building Facade is designed to meet the Sidewalk in such a manner that fully obscures the Parking Area. 1. Block 3 West A. For any Parking Garage or Parking Structure located on Block 3 West A, a decorative Facade treatment or art or green wall shall be approved via SAP Permit. The Facade treatment shall conceal from view all internal elements including, but not limited to, vehicles, piping, fans, ducts and all lighting. j. A Porte-Cochère's driveway leading to a private drop off area should be the minimum width possible and shall be the maximum curb cut width of twenty four (24) feet each way at the Property Line. Any vehicular driveway greater than twenty (20) feet in width shall require a median of not less than three (3) feet in width between vehicular ingress and egress travel lanes to enhance pedestrian safety. Where there is a single curb cut combining ingress and egress, shared driveway width shall be a maximum width of thirty five (35) feet at the Property Line excluding median width. The maximum Porte-Cochère width including the median shall be eighty (80) feet. Two separate driveways on one Lot shall have a minimum separation of twenty (20) feet. Where an alley does not exist and driveway access to an internal service area will act to remove frontage interruptions for service from occurring directly on a Principal or Secondary frontage, one additional twelve (12) foot driveway may share or be accreted to a Porte-Cochère driveway's width with appropriate frontage treatment or streetscreen via SAP Permit. A minimum separation between independent Porte-Cochères shall be 120 feet and shall be no more than two per Block Face. 5.5.5 Architectural Standards (T5) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 461/614 a. Only permanent Structures shall be allowed. Temporary Structures such as mobile homes, construction trailers, travel trailers, recreational vehicles and other temporary Structures shall not be allowed, except as otherwise permitted by the City Code and this Code. b. The Facades on Retail Frontages shall be detailed as storefronts with decorative Facade treatment or an art or green wall, and glazed no less than fifty percent (50%) of the Sidewalklevel Story. A reduction to the above glazing standard to provide between forty-nine percent (49%) and thirty percent (30%) glazing may be granted by SAP Permit. Requests for reductions to provide between twenty-nine percent (29%) to a minimum of fifteen percent (15%) glazing may be granted by SAP Permit with review by the UDRB c. Roof materials should be light-colored, high Albedo or

the City Code and this Code. b. The Facades on Retail Frontages shall be detailed as storefronts with decorative Facade treatment or an art or green wall, and glazed no less than fifty percent (50%) of the Sidewalklevel Story. A reduction to the above glazing standard to provide between forty-nine percent (49%) and thirty percent (30%) glazing may be granted by SAP Permit. Requests for reductions to provide between twenty-nine percent (29%) to a minimum of fifteen percent (15%) glazing may be granted by SAP Permit with review by the UDRB c. Roof materials should be light-colored, high Albedo or of a planted surface and shall comply with Article 3, Section 3.13.2 of this Code. d. The Facade of a Parking Garage that is not concealed behind a Habitable Liner shall be screened to conceal all internal elements such as plumbing pipes, fans, ducts and lighting. Ramping should be internalized wherever possible. Exposed spandrels shall be prohibited. The exposed top level of parking Structures shall be covered a maximum of sixty percent (60%) with a shade producing Structure such as, but not limited to, a vined pergola or retractable canvas shade Structure. In lieu of the use of the aforementioned shade producing Structure, an alternate treatment of the exposed top level of parking Structure may be approved by SAP Permit. e. Building walls shall generally reinforce the continuity of the Frontage Line and of the Pedestrian Passage by their surfaces and by their establishment of the edge. Building walls may curve, angle, or deviate from the Established Setback, established pursuant to Sec. 3.3.6., by no more than ten feet (10’) if approved by SAP Permit. f. Each Shopfront Facade may be an individual design. In the case of Abutting Shopfront Facades, their designs shall be coordinated. Party walls may extend beyond or above the walls of Abutting Buildings and shall be designed and finished as if they were intended to be permanent, as they may be seen from Thoroughfares, the Pedestrian Passage, and from surrounding Buildings. g. Not less than one (1) entrance doors per Building or tenant space, as the case may be, shall be at Sidewalk grade or the grade of the Pedestrian Passage, with the exception to entrance doors for existing Buildings and their additions. h. The visible exterior soffits of Balconies and roof overhangs and the ceilings of Arcades and Balconies shall be articulated with attention to materials and lighting given that the undersides of such elements are frequently more visible than the Facade. 5.5.6 Landscape Standards (T5) a. Open Space shall be calculated on an aggregate basis for all of the new Building Lots included as part of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP and shall be a minimum of six and a half percent (6.5%) of the total new Building Lot Area. Should the Open Space set forth on page A1.8 of the Concept Book fall below ten percent (10%) of the total new Building Lot Area, the owner(s) of the multiple properties

to materials and lighting given that the undersides of such elements are frequently more visible than the Facade. 5.5.6 Landscape Standards (T5) a. Open Space shall be calculated on an aggregate basis for all of the new Building Lots included as part of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP and shall be a minimum of six and a half percent (6.5%) of the total new Building Lot Area. Should the Open Space set forth on page A1.8 of the Concept Book fall below ten percent (10%) of the total new Building Lot Area, the owner(s) of the multiple properties comprising the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area shall off-set the difference between the desired ten percent (10%) Open Space and required six and a half percent (6.5%) Open Space in accordance with the terms of each of the respective Development Agreements. Areas under permanent kiosks shall not be calculated as Open Space. 1. Block 5 East. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Open Space for Block 5 East shall be calculated independent of the aggregate calculation for new Buildings on the balance of the Blocks comprising the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Open Space for Block 5 East shall be a minimum of six and a half percent (6.5%) of the Block 5 East Lot Area. Should the Open Space provided on Block 5 East fall below ten percent (10%) of the Block 5 East Lot Area, the owner(s) of the tracts comprising Block 5 East shall off-set the difference desired ten percent (10%) Open Space and the required six and a half percent (6.5%) Open Space in accordance with the terms of the Helm Development Agreement. 5.5.7 Ambient Standards (T5) a. Noise regulations shall be as established in the City Code. b. Average lighting levels measured at the Building Frontage shall not exceed 5.0 foot-candles (fc). Average horizontal illuminance, measured at the Building Frontage, where adjacent to T3 shall not exceed 1.0 fc. c. Lighting of Building and contingent Open Spaces shall be complementary with the street lighting of Abutting public spaces as illustrated in Article 8 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Interior garage lighting fixtures shall not be visible from streets. d. The lighting fixtures of exposed rooftop parking shall be concealed by a parapet wall and shall not be seen from surrounding streets. e. Neither direct nor reflected light or glare shall extend or pollute beyond parapet walls. ILLUSTRATION 5.5 URBAN CENTER TRANSECT ZONES (T5) (The table below can also be found in Ord.14244 14/12/2023 PDF here) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 462/614 BUILDING DISPOSITION LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area - With rear vehicular access 5,000 s.f. min. 1,200 s.f. min. b. Lot Width - With rear vehicular access 50 ft. min. 16 ft. min. c. Lot Coverage 93.5 % SAP aggregate, except Block 5 East and Block 3 West B. See 5.5.1. (b) d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback 60% min. or as permitted in 5.5.1.(e). f. Open

pollute beyond parapet walls. ILLUSTRATION 5.5 URBAN CENTER TRANSECT ZONES (T5) (The table below can also be found in Ord.14244 14/12/2023 PDF here) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 462/614 BUILDING DISPOSITION LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area - With rear vehicular access 5,000 s.f. min. 1,200 s.f. min. b. Lot Width - With rear vehicular access 50 ft. min. 16 ft. min. c. Lot Coverage 93.5 % SAP aggregate, except Block 5 East and Block 3 West B. See 5.5.1. (b) d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback 60% min. or as permitted in 5.5.1.(e). f. Open Space Requirements 6.5 % SAP aggregate, except Block 5 East and Block 3 West B. g. Density 65 du/acre max. BUILDING SETBACK a. Principal Front Est. Setback 0 ft. or 10 ft. max. via SAP Permit b. Secondary Front Est. Setback 0 ft. or 10 ft. max. via SAP Permit, except 10' min. 1st Story; 15' min. 2nd Story Block 4 c. Side 0 ft. min. d. Rear 0 ft. min. e. Abutting Side or Rear T4 6 ft. min., except 0' min. for Block 5 East Abutting Side or Rear T3 10% of Lot depth min., 1 through 2 Story 26 ft. min. above 2 Story, except 7.5 ft. min. all Stories in Block 4 & Block 5 East BUILDING CONFIGURATION FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C. prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T5 L & O only) g. Gallery permitted* 1 2 3 4 st nd nd 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 463/614 A Cross-Block Pedestrian Passage shall not be required for Blocks 3 West A and B, Block 4 and Block 5 East. See 5.5.1.(h) Block 5 East shall meet its Lot Coverage requirement independently. Lot Coverage calculations for Block 3 West B shall be calculated independent of the aggregate calculation for new Buildings within the SAP Area, except may be calculated in aggregate with Block 2 West B and Block 2 West C. For further information regarding Open Space, please see Section (15)(b) of the MDDA Development Agreement except: for Block 5 East please see Section (13) of the Helm Development Agreement; and for Block 3 West B see Section (13) of the RFD Development Agreement. Please see Article 4 Table 8 regarding no First Layer in the SAP Area. 5.6 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6) 5.6.1 Building Disposition (T6) a. Lot coverage by any Building shall not exceed the percentage listed in Illustration 5.6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, calculated in aggregate for new Buildings only. 1. Block 5 East. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lot Coverage for new Buildings shall be calculated independent of the aggregate calculation for new Buildings on the balance of the Blocks comprising the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Said Lot Coverage shall not exceed the percentage listed in Illustration 5.6 for Block 5 East of the Miami Design District SAP. 2. Block 3 West B

ZONES (T6) 5.6.1 Building Disposition (T6) a. Lot coverage by any Building shall not exceed the percentage listed in Illustration 5.6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, calculated in aggregate for new Buildings only. 1. Block 5 East. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lot Coverage for new Buildings shall be calculated independent of the aggregate calculation for new Buildings on the balance of the Blocks comprising the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Said Lot Coverage shall not exceed the percentage listed in Illustration 5.6 for Block 5 East of the Miami Design District SAP. 2. Block 3 West B and Block 2 West B and C. Lot coverage, Open Space, and Civic Space within Block 3 West B, Block 2 West B and C may be calculated in the aggregate; however, Lot Coverage, Open Space, and Civic Space shall be calculated independent of the aggregate calculation for new Buildings within the Miami Design District Retail SAP Area. b. Buildings shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of their Lots according to Illustration 5.6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. c. Buildings or Shopfronts shall have their principal pedestrian entrances on the Pedestrian Passage, a Principal Frontage Line or from a courtyard at the Second Layer. Where a Building or Shopfront fronts both the Pedestrian Passage and a Principal Frontage and its length along the Principal Frontage is eighty (80’) feet or less, its principal pedestrian entrance may be located on either the Pedestrian Passage or the Principal Frontage. Where a Building or Shopfront fronts both the Pedestrian Passage and a Principal Frontage and its length along the Principal Frontage is greater than eighty (80’) feet, its principal pedestrian entrance shall be located on the Principal Frontage. d. For the minimum Height, Facades shall be built within 10 feet of the Principal Frontage Line for a minimum of sixty percent (60%) of its length . In lieu of the aforementioned requirement, Civic Space may be provided and applied towards the sixty percent (60%) minimum described above on the condition that (i) there is a building behind the Civic Space that meets the minimum façade requirements, or (ii) the Civic Space spans from one thoroughfare to another. Civic Space may also be provided along any Frontage Line as shown in Article 4, Table 7. In the absence of a Building or Civic Space along the remainder of a Frontage Line, a Street screen, art or landscaping shall shield parking and service areas. In the case of two (2) or more Principal Frontages meeting at Thoroughfare intersections, the Building corner may recede from the designated Setback up to twenty percent (20%) of the Lot length. e. Setbacks for Buildings shall be as shown in Illustration 5.6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. For T6-8, T6-12, T6-24, T6- 36, T6-48, T6- 60 and T6-80, the Frontage Setbacks above the eighth floor shall not be required for a Frontage facing a Civic Space or a Right-of-Way seventy (70) feet

Frontage Line, a Street screen, art or landscaping shall shield parking and service areas. In the case of two (2) or more Principal Frontages meeting at Thoroughfare intersections, the Building corner may recede from the designated Setback up to twenty percent (20%) of the Lot length. e. Setbacks for Buildings shall be as shown in Illustration 5.6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. For T6-8, T6-12, T6-24, T6- 36, T6-48, T6- 60 and T6-80, the Frontage Setbacks above the eighth floor shall not be required for a Frontage facing a Civic Space or a Right-of-Way seventy (70) feet or greater in width. At property lines Abutting a lower Transect Zone the Setbacks shall reflect the transition as shown in Illustration 5.6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. 1. Block 2. For Lots zoned T6-12 having one (1) dimension measuring one hundred feet (100’) or less, Frontage Setbacks above the eighth floor may be a minimum of zero feet (0’). h. Arcade permitted* i. Cantilever permitted* j. Porte-Cochère permitted* *Habitable Space allowed above via SAP Permit BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories b. Max. Height, except below: 5 stories unless specified in 5.5.2.(g) Block 4 Block 3 West A & B Block 5 East 50 ft. 81 ft. Varies. 81 ft. or less. See 5.5.2 (g) c. Max. Building Height 1 Story Abutting D1 1 2 3 4 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 464/614 2. Block 2 West A and C. For Lots zoned T6-12 having one (1) dimension measuring one hundred feet (100’) or less, Frontage Setbacks above the eighth floor may be a minimum of zero feet (0’). 3. Block 3 West A. For Lots zoned T6-8 having one (1) dimension measuring one hundred feet (100’) or less, Frontage Setbacks above the eighth floor may be a minimum of zero feet (0’). f. Above the eighth floor, minimum building spacing is sixty (60) feet, except that where the Building abuts T5, the sixty (60) feet required spacing above the fifth floor shall be 20 feet. For T6-12, T6- 24, T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80 Lots having one dimension one hundred (100) feet or less, side and rear Setbacks above the eighth floor may be reduced to a minimum of twenty (20) feet. For T6-12, T6-24, T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80 above the eighth floor in the Second Layer, at a setback of ten (10) feet, an additional two stories of habitable space may extend a maximum sixty percent (60%) of the length of the street Frontages. For T6-12, T6-24, T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80 above the eighth floor an additional six feet of non-habitable space may be allowed without additional setback to accommodate depth of swimming pools, landscaping, transfer beams, and other structural and mechanical systems. 1. Block 2 West A, B and C. Lots zoned T6-12 may: g. A cross-Block passage shall be provided as follows: 1. Cross-Block Pedestrian Connection. If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point more than

feet, an additional two stories of habitable space may extend a maximum sixty percent (60%) of the length of the street Frontages. For T6-12, T6-24, T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80 above the eighth floor an additional six feet of non-habitable space may be allowed without additional setback to accommodate depth of swimming pools, landscaping, transfer beams, and other structural and mechanical systems. 1. Block 2 West A, B and C. Lots zoned T6-12 may: g. A cross-Block passage shall be provided as follows: 1. Cross-Block Pedestrian Connection. If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point more than three hundred and forty (340) feet from a Thoroughfare intersection, the Building shall provide a cross-Block Pedestrian Passage, subject to the exception listed herein below. Such a cross-Block connection may be covered above the first floor by a maximum of twenty-five percent (25%) of its length, and up to one-hundred percent (100%) may be covered above the first floor for Blocks 1A, Block 2 West B and Block 2 West C, with Structures connecting Buildings, such as a terrace, pedestrian bridge, vehicular bridge, or Habitable Space. In all T6 zones, a cross Block connection may be roofed. 2. Cross-Block Vehicular Connection. If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point six hundred and fifty (650) feet from a Thoroughfare intersection, a vehicular cross-Block connection shall be provided. 5.6.2 Building Configuration (T6) a. Development within Private Frontages shall comply with Illustration 5.6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. b. Galleries, Arcades and Cantilevered Buildings shall be permitted to extend above the Public Right-of-Way. (See Section 3.3.6 and Article 4, Table 6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP). In T6, an Arcade, Gallery or Cantilever, and the addition of any Habitable Space above an Arcade or Cantilever shall require an SAP Permit and: (i) review by UDRB; and (ii) the approval of the Director of Public Works. 1. An Arcade shall not reduce the active Sidewalk width from the connecting Sidewalk and shall maintain a minimum vertical clearance of fifteen feet (15’) above the average Sidewalk grade. The Arcade shall be no less than thirteen (13’) feet deep and may overlap the whole width of the Sidewalk to within two (2’) feet of the curb. 2. A Cantilever extending into the Public Right-Of-Way, shall maintain a minimum vertical clearance of fifteen (15’) feet above the average Sidewalk grade. A Cantilever may overlap the whole width of the Sidewalk to within two (2’) feet of the curb. 3. A Gallery shall not reduce the active Sidewalk width from the connecting Sidewalk and shall maintain a minimum vertical clearance of fifteen (15’) feet above the average Sidewalk grade. The Gallery shall be a minimum of thirteen (13’) feet deep and may overlap the whole width of the Sidewalk to within two (2’) of the curb. c. Above the eighth floor, the Building Floorplate dimensions shall be limited as follows: 1. 15,000 square feet maximum for Residential Uses in

Sidewalk grade. A Cantilever may overlap the whole width of the Sidewalk to within two (2’) feet of the curb. 3. A Gallery shall not reduce the active Sidewalk width from the connecting Sidewalk and shall maintain a minimum vertical clearance of fifteen (15’) feet above the average Sidewalk grade. The Gallery shall be a minimum of thirteen (13’) feet deep and may overlap the whole width of the Sidewalk to within two (2’) of the curb. c. Above the eighth floor, the Building Floorplate dimensions shall be limited as follows: 1. 15,000 square feet maximum for Residential Uses in T6-8, T6-12 and T6-24 2. 18,000 square feet maximum for Residential Uses in T6-36, T6-48, T6-60 and T6-80 3. 180 feet maximum length for Residential Uses 4. Signature Towers with Residential Uses may exceed the above dimensions such that the Floorplates are permitted at a maximum of 20,000 square feet and the length of the Floorplates are permitted at a maximum of 220 feet. d. Encroachments shall be as follows: 1. Pedestrian Passage. Awnings or Canopies within the Pedestrian Passage shall be permitted to encroach to a maximum depth of eight (8’) feet or twenty five percent (25%) of the width of the Pedestrian Passage, whichever is less. Such Encroachment shall be further limited by objects located within the Pedestrian Passage such as trees, street lights, etc. Bottom edges of Awning or Canopies shall be no lower than eight feet (8’) above the pavement/floor. Awnings of the quarter-sphere type shall not be permitted. 2. Sidewalk or Public Alley. Awnings or Canopies abutting a Sidewalk or a public Alley or similar Public Right-of-Way shall be designed in accordance with Section 54-186 of the City Code and: i. Shall maintain a minimum vertical clearance of not less than eight feet (8’) above the pavement/floor and shall not extend into or occupy more than two-thirds (2/3) of the width of the Sidewalk measured from the building where said Awning or Canopy has a vertical clearance of less than fifteen (15’) feet above the Sidewalk. Reduce side Setbacks above the 5th floor to a minimum of ten feet (10’) and no Building separation shall be required when adjacent to a T5 zoned Lot; a. Reduce side Setbacks above the 8th floor to a minimum of fifteen feet (15’) and building separation to thirty feet (30’) when the Building is adjacent to a T6 Lot; and b. Permit enclosed stairs to encroach up to five feet (5’) into the Setback via SAP Permit. c. Block 1 West. A Parking Garage or Parking Structure located in Block 1 West shall not be required to provide a cross-Block Pedestrian Passage. a. Block 1 East East. A cross-block Pedestrian Passage shall not be required for Block 1 East East. b. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 465/614 ii. Stanchions or columns that support Awnings or Canopies shall be located not less than two (2’) feet from within the curb line. iii. Shall not extend over any portion of the

and b. Permit enclosed stairs to encroach up to five feet (5’) into the Setback via SAP Permit. c. Block 1 West. A Parking Garage or Parking Structure located in Block 1 West shall not be required to provide a cross-Block Pedestrian Passage. a. Block 1 East East. A cross-block Pedestrian Passage shall not be required for Block 1 East East. b. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 465/614 ii. Stanchions or columns that support Awnings or Canopies shall be located not less than two (2’) feet from within the curb line. iii. Shall not extend over any portion of the Sidewalk within two (2’) feet of the curb where said Awning or Canopy has a minimum vertical clearance of fifteen (15’) feet above the Sidewalk. iv. Such Encroachment shall be further limited by the edge of the Sidewalk or by objects in the Public Right-Of-Way such as trees, streetlamps, etc. 3. At the Second Layer, bay windows and roofs shall be at a maximum three (3) feet deep and may encroach up to thirty percent (30%) of the depth of the Sidewalk. Other cantilevered portions of the Building shall maintain the required Setbacks. At the Second and Third Layers, bay windows, chimneys, roofs, and stairs may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the depth of the side or rear Setback. At the Second and Third Layers, Balconies may encroach up to fifty percent (50%) of the depth of the side or rear Setback. 4. Open balconies, bay windows, planters and other architectural features shall be permitted to encroach into the Pedestrian Passage up to three (3) feet beyond the Building Facade for up to twenty five percent (25%) of the width of the Building Facade when located not less than fourteen (14’) feet above the surface of the Pedestrian Passage. 5. Pedestrian bridges shall have no Setback and may encroach into the Right-of-Way as permitted by Public Works and as may be permitted in the Development Agreements. e. All outdoor storage, electrical, plumbing, mechanical and communications equipment and appurtenant enclosures shall be located within the Second or Third Layer and concealed from view from any Frontage or Sidewalk by Liner Buildings, walls, Streetscreens, or opaque gates. These shall not be allowed as Encroachments. f. Loading and service entries shall be accessed from Alleys when available, and otherwise from the Secondary Frontage. Loading spaces and service areas shall be internal to the building. Where Lots have only Principal Frontages, vehicular entries, Loading Docks and service areas shall be permitted on Principal Frontages. Loading and service entries shall be screened from all Pedestrian Passage and Primary Frontage views by decorative walls or gates or Streetscreens. Where a Lot is located on one (1) or more State or County Thoroughfares and is within 200 feet of a T3 Transect Zone on the same side of such Thoroughfare, all vehicular entries, Loading Docks, and service areas may be accessed from a single access point on the Principal Frontage. 1. Block 2 West. Unenclosed

to the building. Where Lots have only Principal Frontages, vehicular entries, Loading Docks and service areas shall be permitted on Principal Frontages. Loading and service entries shall be screened from all Pedestrian Passage and Primary Frontage views by decorative walls or gates or Streetscreens. Where a Lot is located on one (1) or more State or County Thoroughfares and is within 200 feet of a T3 Transect Zone on the same side of such Thoroughfare, all vehicular entries, Loading Docks, and service areas may be accessed from a single access point on the Principal Frontage. 1. Block 2 West. Unenclosed Loading Spaces and services areas on T6-12 zoned Lots within Block 2 West are permitted by SAP Permit and shall be buffered by a highly decorative wall or screen. g. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories or feet in conformance with Illustration 5.6 for each Block of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. First- floor elevation shall be at average Sidewalk grade. A first level Residential Function should be raised a minimum of two (2) feet and a maximum of three and a half (3.5) feet above average Sidewalk grade. Existing one Story Structures shall be considered conforming and may be enlarged. 1. Block 1 East East. Building(s) and Structure(s), or any portions thereof, located on Tuttle South may have a Maximum Building Height of thirty six (36) stories, in accordance with Section 3.14.3 of the SAP Regulating Plan." 2. Block 2 West C. Building(s) and Structure(s), or any portions thereof, located on Block 2 West C shall have a Maximum Building Height of 291 feet with no limitation on the total number of Stories; any required FLR exceeding 8 may be satisfied either by RAF as described in this Appendix or by compliance with Miami 21 underlying Section 3.14 or any combination thereof. 3. Block 1 A. Building(s) and Structure(s), or any portions thereof, located on Block 1 shall have a Maximum Building Height of 291 feet with no limitation on the total number of Stories, any required FLR exceeding 8 may be satisfied either by RAF as described in this Appendix or by compliance with Miami 21 underlying Section 3.14 or any combination thereof. h. Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be enclosed by parapets of the minimum Height necessary to conceal it. Structures for housing climate-controlled stairs, elevators, elevator lobbies, kitchens, bathrooms, or mechanical equipment or for ornamental Building features (including sculpture, artistic installations or decorative screens) may extend up to fourteen (14) feet above the Maximum Building Height for T6-8 and T6-12, or higher if approved by SAP Permit. Notwithstanding the above, there shall be no limitation for ornamental elements, climate-controlled stairs, elevators, or mechanical equipment extensions above Maximum Building Height for T6-12. Roof decks shall be permitted up to the Maximum Building Height. Trellises, open-air canopies and rooftop architectural walls that are open on one or more sides may extend above the Maximum Building Height up to fourteen (14) feet. i. All ground

or for ornamental Building features (including sculpture, artistic installations or decorative screens) may extend up to fourteen (14) feet above the Maximum Building Height for T6-8 and T6-12, or higher if approved by SAP Permit. Notwithstanding the above, there shall be no limitation for ornamental elements, climate-controlled stairs, elevators, or mechanical equipment extensions above Maximum Building Height for T6-12. Roof decks shall be permitted up to the Maximum Building Height. Trellises, open-air canopies and rooftop architectural walls that are open on one or more sides may extend above the Maximum Building Height up to fourteen (14) feet. i. All ground floor and roof top utility infrastructure and mechanical equipment shall be concealed from public view. At the Building Frontage, all equipment such as backflow preventers, siamese connections, and the like shall be screened from public view with landscaping or a similar aesthetic treatment, placed within the line of the Facade or behind the Streetscreen. Exhaust air fans and louvers may be allowed on the Facade only on Frontages fourteen (14’) feet above the Sidewalk in a fashion that does not adversely impact the pedestrian experience. Service, infrastructure and utility elements may be creatively concealed or emphasized. Rooftop elements, such as equipment, tanks, exits and elevator towers, shall be designed, housed or concealed as architectural elements worthy of public view, as such elements shall be visible from the elevated highway and surrounding tall Buildings. j. Streetscreens or fences shall be a minimum of three and a half (3.5) feet in Height and constructed of a material matching the adjacent Building Facade or of masonry, wood or commercial grade decorative wood, metal, tile, artistic or non-advertising signage (including way finding), or art or a green wall. The Streetscreen may be replaced by a hedge. Streetscreens shall have openings no larger than necessary to allow automobile and pedestrian access. Streetscreens shall be located co-planar with the Building Facade Line. Streetscreens over three (3) feet high shall be fifty percent (50%) permeable or articulated to avoid blank walls. k. Within the Second and Third Layers, fences and walls shall not exceed a Height of eight (8) feet unless approved by SAP Permit, with the exception of Streetscreens masking loading docks and temporary construction fences. 5.6.3 Building Function & Density (T6) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 466/614 a. Buildings in T6 shall conform to the Functions, Densities, and Intensities described in Article 4, Tables 3 and 4 and Illustration 5.6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Certain Functions as shown in Article 4, Table 3 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP shall require approval by Warrant or Exception. Consult Article 6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP for any supplemental regulations. b. The calculation of the FLR shall not apply to that portion of the building that is entirely below base flood elevation. 5.6.4 Parking Standards (T6) a. Vehicular parking and loading shall be required as shown in Article 4, Tables 4 and 5 of the Miami Design District

and 4 and Illustration 5.6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Certain Functions as shown in Article 4, Table 3 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP shall require approval by Warrant or Exception. Consult Article 6 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP for any supplemental regulations. b. The calculation of the FLR shall not apply to that portion of the building that is entirely below base flood elevation. 5.6.4 Parking Standards (T6) a. Vehicular parking and loading shall be required as shown in Article 4, Tables 4 and 5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. b. On-street parking available along the Frontage Lines that correspond to each Lot shall be counted toward the parking requirement of the Building on the Lot. c. Parking should be accessed by an Alley. Parking shall be accessed from the Secondary Frontage when available. Where Lots have only Principal Frontages, parking may be accessed from the Principal Frontages. When a Lot has only Principal Frontages, Driveways, vehicular entries, Loading Docks and service areas shall be at the Second Layer and permitted on Principal Frontages. d. Principal Frontage. All parking, open parking areas, covered parking, garages, Loading Spaces and service areas, with the exception of drop-off drives and Porte-Cochères, shall be located within the Third Layer and shall be masked from the Frontage by a Liner Building or Streetscreen as illustrated in Article 4, Table 8 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Parking, drop-off drives and Porte-Cochères may extend into the Second Layer with appropriate Facade or Landscape treatment. For any above or below ground parking structures located at the intersection of two Thoroughfares, a retail Liner shall be provided for a minimum of fifty feet (50’) in order to complement the surrounding architecture. Surface parking may extend into the Second Layer a maximum of twenty five percent (25%) of the length of the Primary Frontage up to a maximum of fifty (50) feet, except for Interim Parking which may be 100% of the length of the Primary Frontage and shall comply with all other applicable City Code regulations. e. Underground parking may extend up to the Property Line. Ramps to underground parking shall be within the Second or Third Layers. f. The vehicular entrance of a parking Lot or garage on a Frontage shall be no wider than forty-five (45) feet. A single vehicular entrance and/or exit consisting of a single curb cut of up to fifty (50) feet wide may be permitted per Block by SAP Permit when it is demonstrated that the following criteria is met: i. No more than (3) new vehicular entrances and/or exits consisting of a single curb cut of fifty (50) feet wide shall be permitted across the SAP Area. Only said extended vehicular entrances and/or exits created after January 1, 2024 shall count towards this threshold. ii. Only one (1) fifty (50) foot wide vehicular entrance and/or exit allowed per project. iii. Consolidates and reduces the total necessary

and/or exit consisting of a single curb cut of up to fifty (50) feet wide may be permitted per Block by SAP Permit when it is demonstrated that the following criteria is met: i. No more than (3) new vehicular entrances and/or exits consisting of a single curb cut of fifty (50) feet wide shall be permitted across the SAP Area. Only said extended vehicular entrances and/or exits created after January 1, 2024 shall count towards this threshold. ii. Only one (1) fifty (50) foot wide vehicular entrance and/or exit allowed per project. iii. Consolidates and reduces the total necessary vehicular entrances and/or exits. iv. Reduces the overall width of the vehicular entrances and/or exits per development site. v. Includes streetscape design elements that create safe and comfortable pedestrian environment across the extended vehicular entrances and/or exits. The minimum distance between vehicular entrances shall be twenty (20) feet at the Property Line, unless approved by SAP Permit, and may encroach into Setbacks. Where the vehicular entrance exceeds thirty (30) feet in width, a median of not less than three (3) feet in width shall be provided between vehicular ingress and egress travel lanes to enhance pedestrian safety. 1. Block 3 West A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the vehicular entrance of a Parking Garage or Parking Structure on a Frontage on Block 3 West shall be no wider than fifty-one feet (51’). g. Pedestrian entrances to all parking lots and Parking Structures shall be directly from a Frontage Line. Underground Parking Structures should be entered by pedestrians directly from a Principal Building or the Pedestrian Passage. h. Buildings mixing uses shall provide parking for each Use. Shared Parking shall be calculated according to Article 4, Table 5 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. i. Where Lots are Abutting, underground parking may extend to Abutting Blocks and Lots, including under Thoroughfares, as described in the Development Agreements or as otherwise authorized by the City. j. Above-grade parking may extend into the Second Layer above a first floor liner with decorative facade treatment matching the liner facade below or an art or green wall. Underground parking may extend above grade into a first floor Liner if the Building Facade is designed to meet the Sidewalk in such a manner that fully obscures the Parking Area. k. A Porte-Cochère's driveway leading to a private drop off area should be the minimum width possible and shall be the maximum curb cut width of twenty four (24) feet each way at the Property Line. Any vehicular driveway greater than twenty (20) feet in width shall require a median of not less than three (3) feet in width between vehicular ingress and egress travel lanes to enhance pedestrian safety. Where there is a single curb cut combining ingress and egress, shared driveway width shall be a maximum width of thirty five (35) feet at the Property Line excluding median width. The maximum Porte-Cochère width including the median shall be eighty (80) feet. Two separate driveways on

and shall be the maximum curb cut width of twenty four (24) feet each way at the Property Line. Any vehicular driveway greater than twenty (20) feet in width shall require a median of not less than three (3) feet in width between vehicular ingress and egress travel lanes to enhance pedestrian safety. Where there is a single curb cut combining ingress and egress, shared driveway width shall be a maximum width of thirty five (35) feet at the Property Line excluding median width. The maximum Porte-Cochère width including the median shall be eighty (80) feet. Two separate driveways on one Lot shall have a minimum separation of twenty (20) feet. Where an alley does not exist and driveway access to an internal service area will act to remove frontage interruptions for service from occurring directly on a Principal or Secondary frontage, one additional twelve (12) foot driveway may share or be accreted to a Porte-Cochère driveway's width with appropriate frontage treatment or streetscreen via SAP Permit. A minimum separation between independent Porte-Cochères shall be 120 feet and shall be no more than two per Block Face. 5.6.5 Architectural Standards (T6) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 467/614 a. Only permanent Structures shall be allowed. Temporary Structures, such as mobile homes, construction trailers, travel trailers, recreational vehicles and other temporary Structures, shall not be allowed, except as otherwise permitted by the City Code and this code. b. The Facades on Retail Frontages shall be detailed as storefronts with decorative Facade treatment or an art or green wall, and glazed no less than fifty percent (50%) of the Sidewalklevel Story. A reduction to the above glazing standard to provide between forty-nine percent (49%) and thirty percent (30%) glazing may be granted by SAP Permit. Requests for reductions to provide between twenty-nine percent (29%) to a minimum of fifteen percent (15%) glazing may be granted by SAP Permit with review by the UDRB. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the first one hundred feet (100’) of NE 38th Street east of NE 1st Avenue shall be detailed as a storefront and glazed with clear glass for no less than 60% of the sidewalk-level Story for the first 100 feet of the Building Frontage, unless an artistic or architectural treatment in lieu of glazing is approved by SAP Permit; the second one hundred feet (100') of Building Frontage along NE 38th Street east of NE 1st Avenue shall contain an artistic or architectural treatment in lieu of glazing to be approved by SAP Permit. c. Roof materials should be light-colored, high Albedo or of a planted surface and shall comply with Article 3, Section 3.13.2 of this Code. d. The Facade of a parking garage that is not concealed behind a Habitable Liner and all Elevations shall be screened to conceal all internal elements such as plumbing pipes, fans, ducts and lighting. Ramping should be internalized wherever possible. Exposed spandrels shall be prohibited. The exposed top level of parking structures shall be covered a minimum of sixty

shall contain an artistic or architectural treatment in lieu of glazing to be approved by SAP Permit. c. Roof materials should be light-colored, high Albedo or of a planted surface and shall comply with Article 3, Section 3.13.2 of this Code. d. The Facade of a parking garage that is not concealed behind a Habitable Liner and all Elevations shall be screened to conceal all internal elements such as plumbing pipes, fans, ducts and lighting. Ramping should be internalized wherever possible. Exposed spandrels shall be prohibited. The exposed top level of parking structures shall be covered a minimum of sixty percent (60%) with a shade producing structure such as, but not limited to, a vined pergola or retractable canvas shade structure. In lieu of the use of the aforementioned shade producing Structure, an alternate treatment of the exposed top level of parking Structure may be approved by SAP Permit. e. Building walls shall generally reinforce the continuity of the Frontage Line and of the Pedestrian Passage by their surfaces and by their establishment of the edge. Building walls may curve, angle, or deviate from the Established Setback, as established pursuant to Sec. 3.3.6., by no more than ten feet (10’) if approved by SAP Permit. f. Each Shopfront Facade may be an individual design. In the case of Abutting Shopfront Facades, their designs shall be coordinated. Party walls may extend beyond or above the walls of Abutting buildings and shall be designed and finished as if they were intended to be permanent as they may be seen from Thoroughfares, the Pedestrian Passage, and from surrounding Buildings. g. Not less than one (1) entrance door per Building or tenant space, as the case may be, shall be at Sidewalk grade or the grade of the Pedestrian Passage, with the exception to entrance doors for existing Buildings and their additions. h. The visible exterior soffits of Balconies and roof overhangs and the ceilings of Arcades and Balconies shall be articulated with attention to materials and lighting given that the undersides of such elements are frequently more visible than the Facade. 5.6.6 Landscape Standards (T6) a. Open Space shall be calculated on an aggregate basis for all of the new Building Lots included as part of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP and shall be a minimum of six and a half percent (6.5%) of the total new Building Lot Area. Should the Open Space set forth on page A1.8 of the Concept Book fall below ten percent (10%) of the total new Building Lot Area, the owner(s) of the multiple properties comprising the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area shall off-set the difference between the desired ten percent (10%) Open Space and required six and a half percent (6.5%) Open Space in accordance with the terms of each of the respective Development Agreements. Areas under permanent kiosks shall not be calculated as Open Space. 5.6.7 Ambient Standards (T6) a. Noise regulations shall be as established in the City Code. b.

the Open Space set forth on page A1.8 of the Concept Book fall below ten percent (10%) of the total new Building Lot Area, the owner(s) of the multiple properties comprising the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area shall off-set the difference between the desired ten percent (10%) Open Space and required six and a half percent (6.5%) Open Space in accordance with the terms of each of the respective Development Agreements. Areas under permanent kiosks shall not be calculated as Open Space. 5.6.7 Ambient Standards (T6) a. Noise regulations shall be as established in the City Code. b. Average lighting levels measured at the Building Frontage shall not exceed 20 fc (foot-candles). c. Average Lighting of Building and contingent Open Spaces shall complement the street lighting of Abutting public spaces as illustrated in Article 8 of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. Interior garage lighting fixtures shall not be visible from Thoroughfares. d. The lighting fixtures of exposed rooftop parking shall be concealed by a parapet wall and shall not be seen from surrounding Thoroughfares. e. Neither direct nor reflected light or glare shall extend or pollute beyond parapet walls. ILLUSTRATION 5.6 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6-8) (The table below can also be found in Ord.14244 14/12/2023 PDF here) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 468/614 BUILDING DISPOSITION LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min. b. Lot Width 50 ft. min. c. Lot Coverage -1-8 Stories 93.5 % SAP aggregate, except Block 2 West B . See 5.6.1.(a) - Above 8th Story Residential & Lodging: 15,000 s.f. floorplate max. Office & Commercial: n/a d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) 5 / 7 via RAF or for Block 2 West B additional Public Benefit via 3.14 of Miami21 e. Frontage at front Setback 60% min. or as permitted in 5.6.1.(d) f. Open Space Requirements 6.5% min. SAP aggregate, except Block 2 West B. g. Density 150 du/acre max. or 300 du/ac max via RAD BUILDING SETBACK a. Principal Front Est. Setback 0 ft. or 10 ft. via SAP Permit. 0' above 8th story pursuant to ESA b. Secondary Front Same as Principal Front c. Side 0 ft. min.; 15 ft. min. above 8 Story d. Rear 0 ft. min.; 15 ft. min. above 8 Story e. Abutting Side or Rear 0 ft. min. 1 through 5 1 6 2 3 6 4 5 th th st th 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 469/614 Lot Coverage calculations for Block 2 West B shall be calculated independent of the aggregate calculation for new Buildings within the SAP Area, except may be calculated in aggregate with Block 2 West C and Block 3 West B. "RAF" Remaining Aggregate FLR. See Article 1, Definitions. For further information regarding Open Space, please see Section (15)(b) of the MDDA Development Agreement and for Block 2 West B see Section (13) of the RFD Development Agreement. T5 Story 10 ft. min. 6 through 8 Story 30 ft. min. above 8 Story Abutting Side or Rear T4

PM Print about:blank 469/614 Lot Coverage calculations for Block 2 West B shall be calculated independent of the aggregate calculation for new Buildings within the SAP Area, except may be calculated in aggregate with Block 2 West C and Block 3 West B. "RAF" Remaining Aggregate FLR. See Article 1, Definitions. For further information regarding Open Space, please see Section (15)(b) of the MDDA Development Agreement and for Block 2 West B see Section (13) of the RFD Development Agreement. T5 Story 10 ft. min. 6 through 8 Story 30 ft. min. above 8 Story Abutting Side or Rear T4 6 ft. min. 1 through 5 Story 26 ft. min. above 5 Story Abutting Side or Rear T3 10% of Lot depth min. 1 through 2 Story 26 ft. min. 3 through 5 Story 46 ft. min. above 5 Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C. prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T6-8 L & O) g. Gallery permitted* h. Arcade permitted* i. Cantilever permitted* j. Porte- Cochère permitted* * habitable space above via SAP Permit BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories b. Max. Height 8 Stories c. Max. Building Height 10 Stories via RAF, except 12 Stories Block 2 West B th th th st th th st nd rd th th 1 2 3 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 470/614 "RAD" Remaining Aggregate Density. See Article 1, Definitions. Please see Article 4 Table 8 regarding no First Layer in the SAP Area. Block 2 West B is designated T6-8 Transect Zone; however, the permissible Floor Area shall be limited as if it was a T5 Transect Zone and Density shall be calculated as 65 DU/ac. The permissible Floor Area shall be calculated in accordance with the T5 standards in Illustration 5.5 of Miami 21. ILLUSTRATION 5.6 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6-12) (The table below can also be found in Ord.14244 14/12/2023 PDF here) 4 5 6 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 471/614 BUILDING DISPOSITION LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min. b. Lot Width 50 ft. min. c. Lot Coverage -1-8 Stories 93.5 % SAP aggregate, except Block 2 West C - Above 8th Story Res.& Lodging: 15,000 s.f. Floorplate max., except for Signature Towers. Off & Comm: n/a d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) 8 /11 via RAF or for Block 2 West C additional Public Benefit via Sec. 3.14 of Miami21, except 10.4 max. for Gateway Sites. e. Frontage at front Setback 60% min. or as permitted in 5.6.1.(d) f. Open Space Requirements 6.5% min. SAP agg., except Block 2 West C g. Density 150 du/ac or 300 du/ac via RAD BUILDING SETBACK (see Art 4 Table 8, no First Layer) a. Principal Front Est. Setback 0 ft. or 10 ft. via SAP Permit. 0 ft. above 8 story pursuant to ESA b. Secondary Front Same as Principal Front c. Side 0 ft. min.; 15 ft. min. above 8 Story d.

West C additional Public Benefit via Sec. 3.14 of Miami21, except 10.4 max. for Gateway Sites. e. Frontage at front Setback 60% min. or as permitted in 5.6.1.(d) f. Open Space Requirements 6.5% min. SAP agg., except Block 2 West C g. Density 150 du/ac or 300 du/ac via RAD BUILDING SETBACK (see Art 4 Table 8, no First Layer) a. Principal Front Est. Setback 0 ft. or 10 ft. via SAP Permit. 0 ft. above 8 story pursuant to ESA b. Secondary Front Same as Principal Front c. Side 0 ft. min.; 15 ft. min. above 8 Story d. Rear 0 ft. min.; 30 ft. min. above 8 Story 1 2 3 4 5 3 th th th 6 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 472/614 e. Abutting Side or Rear T5 0 ft. min. 1 through 5 Story 10 ft. min. 6 through 8 Story 30 ft. min. above 8 Story except, 10' min. Block 1 West, Block 2 West A & C Abutting Side or Rear T4 6 ft. min. 1 through 5 Story 26 ft. min. 6th through 8th Story 30 ft. min. above 8th Story Abutting Side or Rear T3 10% of Lot depth min. 1 through 2 Story 26 ft. min. 3 through 5 Story 46 ft. min. above 5 Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C. prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T6-12 L & O only) g. Gallery permitted* h. Arcade permitted* i. Cantilever permitted* j. Porte- Cochère permitted* * habitable space above via SAP Permit BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories b. Max. Height 12 Stories st th th th th st th st nd rd th th 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 473/614 A Cross-Block Pedestrian Passage shall not be required for Block 1 West or Block 1 East East. Lot Coverage calculations for Block 2 West C shall be calculated independent of the aggregate calculation for new Buildings within the SAP Area, except may be calculated in aggregate with Block 2 West B and Block 3 West B. See 5.6.1.(a). "RAF" Remaining Aggregate FLR. "RAD" Remaining Aggregate Density. See Article 1, Definitions. For further information regarding Open Space, please see Section (15)(b) of the MDDA Development Agreement and for Block 2 West C see Section (13) of the RFD Development Agreement. Gateway Sites shall have a maximum Density of 150 du/ac. For Block 2 West C, Rear and Side Setbacks shall be 15' min. above the 8th Story. For Block 2 West A, 12 Stories max. north of midblock and 14 Stories max. south of midblock.

a maximum Density of 150 du/ac. For Block 2 West C, Rear and Side Setbacks shall be 15' min. above the 8th Story. For Block 2 West A, 12 Stories max. north of midblock and 14 Stories max. south of midblock.

ARTICLE 6 . SUPPLEMENTAL REGULATIONS 6.3.COMMERCIAL USES 6.3.1 Large Scale Retail A single commercial establishment occupying more than 55,000 square feet of Floor Area in the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP shall be permitted subject to the following requirements: c. Max. Building Height 20 stories via RAF 291 ft. Block 1A, Block 2 West C 36 Stories Block 1 East East via Bonus Height 7 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 LOCATION By Right in T6-12 or above for up to two (2) establishments with a maximum size of 120,000 square feet and 160,000 square feet. By Right in T5 for up to one (1) establishment with a maximum size of 120,000 square feet. By Exception in T5 on Block 5 East for up to one (1) establishment with a maximum size of 100,000 square feet. LOT SIZE As required by the Transect Zone COMMERCIAL AREA LIMITATIONS Minimum: 55,000 square feet REQUIREMENTS WHEN ABUTTING A MORE RESTRICTIVE TRANSECT A minimum of one (1) shade tree with a minimum Height of twelve (12) feet shall be planted at twenty-five feet (25’) on center along the perimeter of the wall. Additional landscaping in the form of shrubs and Buffer plant material shall also be required. PARKING All required Parking shall conform to the Transect Zone. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS At ground level: Habitable Space, such as Liners, to conceal Parking Structures or Parking Areas must be provided for at least sixty-five percent (65%) of linear street Frontages. Second floor level: Habitable Space, such as Liners to conceal Parking Structures, with a combination of architectural articulation for all linear street Frontages shall be required; however, in no case shall the Habitable Space Liners be less than forty percent (40%) of all Linear street Frontages. Third floor level and above: Habitable Space, such as Liners, to conceal a Parking Structure with a combination of architectural articulation for all liner street Frontages shall be permitted; however, in no case will the Habitable Space Liners be less than twenty-five percent (25%) of all linear street Frontages. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 474/614 6.3.2 Criteria for Certain Open Air Retail Uses a. Open Air Retail uses, including Outdoor dining areas within Plazas, Courtyards, and Pedestrian Passage, and Roof Terraces are permitted by Right. b. All exhibits, displays and sales of items from a Retail Merchandising Unit shall be subject to the following limitations: 1. Retail Merchandising Units, excluding any associated signage, as permitted below in b.5., shall be limited to a maximum size of one hundred and sixty (160) square feet in area and shall not exceed a maximum Height of fifteen (15) feet; 2. There shall be no more than twenty (20) Retail Merchandising Units located in the SAP boundaries, and limited to Parcels 1-83, as identified on Sheet A1.5 of the Concept Book. 3. Retail Merchandising Units shall be setback from any adjacent public right-of-way by a minimum of ten (10) feet. 4. Retail Merchandising Unit openings and windows may be closed from time to

excluding any associated signage, as permitted below in b.5., shall be limited to a maximum size of one hundred and sixty (160) square feet in area and shall not exceed a maximum Height of fifteen (15) feet; 2. There shall be no more than twenty (20) Retail Merchandising Units located in the SAP boundaries, and limited to Parcels 1-83, as identified on Sheet A1.5 of the Concept Book. 3. Retail Merchandising Units shall be setback from any adjacent public right-of-way by a minimum of ten (10) feet. 4. Retail Merchandising Unit openings and windows may be closed from time to time to secure the structure. 5. Individual exterior Building or Business Identification Signs shall be limited to sixteen (16) square feet in area, with no dimension exceeding eight (8) linear feet in length. There shall be no more than two (2) Building or Business Identification Signs per Retail Merchandising Unit. c. Open Air Retail uses shall not count towards gross buildable area and floor lot ratio calculations if the vending carts, kiosks, Retail Merchandising Units or other structure has wheels and is removable within 24 hours in case of emergency. d. Deviations from the standards set forth in Section 6.3.2.b may be approved by SAP Permit upon a finding by the Planning Director that the requested modifications are justified due to one or more of the following special conditions: 1. Established pedestrian flow patterns; 2. Existing landscape features; 3. Governmental action which creates a peculiar configuration on the subject property; 4. Deviations do not interfere with the pedestrian experience within the Pedestrian Passage. 6.3.7 Criteria for Other Outdoor Uses 6.5 SIGN STANDARDS 6.5.1.5 GENERAL REQUIREMENTS The following general requirements and limitations shall apply with regard to Signs located within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, in addition to provisions appearing elsewhere in this Code, with the exception of Signs located more than twenty-five feet (25’) from the intersection of any Thoroughfare and the Pedestrian Passage. No Variance from these provisions is permitted unless other-wise provided herein. a. Any Sign allowed herein may contain, in lieu of any other message or copy, any lawful non- Commercial message, so long as said Sign complies with the size, Height, Area and other requirements of this code and the City Code. b. Limitations on false and misleading Signs. It shall be unlawful to post any Sign that is false or misleading. c. No Sign adjacent to a T3, T4-R, T5-R or T6-R zone shall be illuminated or Flashing unless such Signs are specifically authorized by the regulations for the Transect in which erected. Whether or not illuminated or Flashing Signs are authorized generally within a zone, no Flashing Sign shall be permitted within one hundred (100) feet of any portion of property in a Residential district located north of NE 42nd Street, as measured along the street Frontage on the same side of the street, or as measured in a straight line to property across the street, if the flashing element of such

Sign adjacent to a T3, T4-R, T5-R or T6-R zone shall be illuminated or Flashing unless such Signs are specifically authorized by the regulations for the Transect in which erected. Whether or not illuminated or Flashing Signs are authorized generally within a zone, no Flashing Sign shall be permitted within one hundred (100) feet of any portion of property in a Residential district located north of NE 42nd Street, as measured along the street Frontage on the same side of the street, or as measured in a straight line to property across the street, if the flashing element of such Sign is directly visible from the Residential property involved. d. Revolving or Whirling Signs and pennant or streamer Signs are hereby prohibited unless such Signs are specifically authorized by the regulations for the Zone in which erected. e. Signs of historic significance. Any Sign determined to be of historic significance by the Historic and Environmental Preservation Board, through resolution that makes findings according to the Chapter 23 of the City Code, may be exempted by Warrant from any Sign limitation imposed by this code. The placement of said Sign may be as approved according to the considerations and standards of Warrant approval, as the criteria in Chapter 23. A decorative facade, art wall or green wall may substitute for the Liner on a maximum of two (2) street Frontages. Outdoor dining areas associated with permanent structures such as food and beverage service establishments, or other retail uses shall be permitted as follows: a. Outdoor dining areas within Plazas, Courtyards, and Pedestrian Passages are permitted by Right. 1. Outdoor dining areas on a rooftop or fronting a Thoroughfare are permitted by SAP Permit. 2. Artistic installations, exhibits and structures, including but not limited to artwork, tents, shipping container concepts, or other creative installations, are permitted within Plazas, Courtyards, and Pedestrian Passages by Right, and are permitted in areas fronting a Thoroughfare, or within the public right of way by SAP Permit. b. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 475/614 f. Variances for Height on freestanding outdoor Advertising Signs may be granted by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, pursuant to the limitations set forth in this code and upon compliance with the following: 1. An application for a Height Variance for a freestanding outdoor Advertising Sign may only be submitted, and accepted by the City, if the Height Variance is necessary due to a government action which renders the Sign not visible from the roadway(s) which it was intended to be viewed from; said government action will only be considered a justification for the requested Variance if the action occurs after the Sign has been legally erected under the provisions of the zoning ordinance in effect at the time the Sign was built. A legally erected Sign that was legally constructed and not in compliance with the Height provisions of the Zoning Ordinance may not justify the noncompliant Height as hardship for a Variance request; only a subsequent government action, which physically

to a government action which renders the Sign not visible from the roadway(s) which it was intended to be viewed from; said government action will only be considered a justification for the requested Variance if the action occurs after the Sign has been legally erected under the provisions of the zoning ordinance in effect at the time the Sign was built. A legally erected Sign that was legally constructed and not in compliance with the Height provisions of the Zoning Ordinance may not justify the noncompliant Height as hardship for a Variance request; only a subsequent government action, which physically impedes the visibility of a Sign, will be considered a valid justification; 2. Any application for a Height Variance for a freestanding outdoor Advertising Sign must be accompanied by line of sight studies from the roadway(s) which such Sign is intended to be viewed from; and 3. A finding must be made that the Variance be requested is the minimum Variance necessary to make such Sign visible from the roadway(s) which such Sign is intended to be viewed from. 4. In addition, this section shall not apply to any Sign with nonconforming status. g. All Temporary Signs shall comply with the requirements of Chapter 62 of the City Code. h. All Signs shall comply with the vision clearance standards of this code. i. A Warrant shall be required for establishment of community or Neighborhood bulletin boards, including kiosks in districts where permissible, but no Sign permits shall be required for posting of notices thereon. Size and location standards shall be as set forth in the districts where permissible. Subject to approval by the officer or agent designated by the City Manager, such bulletin boards or kiosks may be erected on public property. Conditions of the Warrant shall include assignment of responsibility for erection or maintenance, and provision for removal if not properly maintained. j. Freestanding Signs higher than seven (7) feet in height are prohibited in Transect Zones T6- 24, T6-36, T6-48, T6-60, and T6-80. Free standing Signs above seven (7) feet in height may be permitted by Warrant in all Zones, subject to any applicable Design Guidelines. These regulations do not apply to those signs regulated under Chapter 62, Article 13 of the City Code. k. Painted wall Signs are prohibited in Transect Zones T6-24, T6-36, T6-48, T6-60, and T6-80. Painted wall Signs may be permitted by Warrant in all Zones, subject to any applicable Design Guidelines. Painted wall Signs shall be limited to on-premises business identification signage as more specifically regulated in each transect zone per Section 6.5.2. These regulations do not apply to those signs regulated under Chapter 62, Article 13 of the City Code. 6.5.2 TRANSECT SPECIFIC STANDARDS 6.5.2.1 GENERALLY a. Criteria. In the review and approval of Signs, the City shall ensure compliance with all applicable sections of the Florida Building Code and ensure that the Signs comply with the zoning regulations of this code including: 1. The size and Area of the Signs comply

all Zones, subject to any applicable Design Guidelines. Painted wall Signs shall be limited to on-premises business identification signage as more specifically regulated in each transect zone per Section 6.5.2. These regulations do not apply to those signs regulated under Chapter 62, Article 13 of the City Code. 6.5.2 TRANSECT SPECIFIC STANDARDS 6.5.2.1 GENERALLY a. Criteria. In the review and approval of Signs, the City shall ensure compliance with all applicable sections of the Florida Building Code and ensure that the Signs comply with the zoning regulations of this code including: 1. The size and Area of the Signs comply with the specifications set forth for the type of Sign and the Zone in which the Sign is to be located; and 2. The Signs comply with location standards on the subject property or Structure as specified herein. 6.5.2.5 T4-O, T5-L, T5-O, T6-L, T6-O Except as otherwise provided, the following Signs are permitted and may be illuminated but shall not be Animated or flashing. a. For a single establishment within a Building: 1. Wall Signs. When a single establishment takes up an entire Building, wall Signs shall be limited to one and one half (1 1/2) square feet of Sign Area for each lineal foot of Building Facade area. Each establishment is permitted one (1) Identification Sign and up to two (2) Secondary Identification Signs per Shopfront Facade, all of which shall be subject to the aggregate Sign Area. The Sign Area for each Shopfront Facade shall be calculated independently. Wall signs shall be limited to registered trade names, logo brand marks, swashed, simple lines, back plates and other decorative touches. Tag lines, bylines, merchandise or service descriptions are not permitted. The Copy Area of each Identification Sign and Secondary Identification Sign shall be computed by surrounding each Sign with a square or rectangle shape in order to calculate the area. Elements such as logo brand marks, swashes, simple lines, back plates or other decorative touches shall not be included as part of the Copy Area. Letter height shall be determined by measuring the tallest letter of an Identification Sign or Secondary Identification Sign, inclusive of swashes, ascenders, and descenders. Identification Signs and Secondary Identification Signs shall not exceed eighty percent (80%) of the width of the Shopfront Facade. The combined area of all Identification Signs and Secondary Identification Signs shall not exceed thirty-five percent (35%) of the area of the Shopfront Facade. 2. Window Signs. Attached signs shall not exceed thirty-five (35%) of the glassed area of the window in which placed. Number of such Signs in not limited by these regulations, but the Window Sign areas shall be included as part of aggregate wall Sign Area, as limited above. Only trade names or graphic logos may be used. Store description, advertisements, or tag lines are not permitted. The entire graphic shall be mounted below 48” in height from finished floor and all applied graphics shall be adhered to the interior side of the glass. Painted Signs in the

the Shopfront Facade. 2. Window Signs. Attached signs shall not exceed thirty-five (35%) of the glassed area of the window in which placed. Number of such Signs in not limited by these regulations, but the Window Sign areas shall be included as part of aggregate wall Sign Area, as limited above. Only trade names or graphic logos may be used. Store description, advertisements, or tag lines are not permitted. The entire graphic shall be mounted below 48” in height from finished floor and all applied graphics shall be adhered to the interior side of the glass. Painted Signs in the form of artistic murals may be allowed by SAP Permit. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 476/614 3. Projecting Signs. Shall be limited to one (1) Sign structure with no more than two (2) Sign surfaces, neither of which shall exceed forty (40) square feet in Sign Area; however, such permissible Sign Area may be increased to eighty (80) square feet where maximum projection from the face of the Building is two (2) feet or less; sixty (60) square feet where projection is more than two (2) and less than three (3) feet; and forty (40) square feet where projection is at least three (3), but not more than four (4) feet. The aggregate Area of such Signs shall be included as part of aggregate wall Sign Area, as limited above. 4. Ground/Freestanding Signs. Shall be limited to one (1) Sign structure with no more than two (2) Sign surfaces, neither of which shall exceed forty (40) square feet in Sign Area for each establishment or for each one hundred (100) feet of street Frontage. Permitted Sign Area may be cumulative, but no Sign surface shall exceed one hundred (100) square feet. Maximum Height limitation shall be twenty (20) feet including embellishments, measured from the crown of the nearest adjacent local or arterial street, not including limited access highways or expressways, provided, however, that the Zoning Administrator may increase the measurement of the crown by up to five (5) feet to accommodate unusual or undulating site conditions. 5. Tenant Logo Treatment. Identification Signage (fascia wall signs, for example) can be intermixed with large expressions and artistic interpretations of the tenant brand logo marks. Tenant logos may be considered as larger scaled artistic expressions of the merchandising and can be used at a large urban Building scale, as Building patterns, or may be incorporated into the Building architecture itself, so as to be considered a part of the Building and Facade expression. Building wraps are not permitted. All Tenant Logo Treatment shall not be calculated as part of aggregate Facade Sign Area. Where a Tenant Logo or any letter, numeral, character, figure or emblem will cover more than fifty percent (50%) of the area of the Building Facade, such architectural or artistic treatment shall require approval by SAP Permit. 6. Building Address Signs. Building addresses will not be calculated as part of aggregate wall Sign Area, as limited above. 7. Wall Mounted

be incorporated into the Building architecture itself, so as to be considered a part of the Building and Facade expression. Building wraps are not permitted. All Tenant Logo Treatment shall not be calculated as part of aggregate Facade Sign Area. Where a Tenant Logo or any letter, numeral, character, figure or emblem will cover more than fifty percent (50%) of the area of the Building Facade, such architectural or artistic treatment shall require approval by SAP Permit. 6. Building Address Signs. Building addresses will not be calculated as part of aggregate wall Sign Area, as limited above. 7. Wall Mounted Plaque. Not more than one (1) such Sign, not exceeding four (4) square feet in area, may be located adjacent to entry doors. No taglines, slogans, service or product descriptions are permitted in the text. A Wall Mounted Plaque shall be calculated as part of aggregate Facade Sign Area, as limited above. 8. Inlaid Entry Vestibule Floor Signs. Not more than one (1) such Sign not exceeding ten (10) square feet in area, may be recessed into the floor, located solely within tenant lease line at the entry vestibule of the store, and integrated flush into the surrounding flooring system. Such Signs must be fabricated out of durable, non-slip materials. Inlaid Entry Vestibule Floor Signs shall not be calculated as part of aggregate wall Sign Area, as limited above. 9. Interior Signs. Signage, mounted inside the store three (3) feet beyond the Shopfront Facade, viewed from the pedestrian walkway will not be calculated as part of aggregate Facade Sign Area, as limited above. Any Signage mounted inside the store within three (3) feet of the Shop-front Facade shall be considered a Window Sign and governed by the requirements of Sec. 6.5.2.5.a.2. 10. Video and animated architectural Facade treatments may be used as approved by SAP Permit. 11. Prohibited Sign Types. Following is a list of prohibited sign types: Suspended blade signs. Moving, rotating, or flashing signs, except video facade treatments permitted via SAP Permit. Signs with exposed neon, vacuum-formed plastic, and internally illuminated plex-faced box signs. Parapet-mounted signs or signs which project above the parapet. Painted tenant identity signs, except artistic murals permitted via SAP Permit. Balloon or inflatable signs. Signs which emit sound, odor, or any visible matter, except audio video permitted through the SAP Permit. Simulated materials, i.e. plastic laminate, paper, cardboard, foam, Sentra. Freestanding tenant identity signs and portable signs such as A-frame sandwich boards. Signs advertising the availability of employment opportunities. Signs with tag lines, slogans, phone numbers, or service description. Signs attached, painted on, or otherwise affixed to trees and landscaping. b. For a single Building with more than one establishment opening up to the outdoors: 1. Wall Signs. The Building in which the establishments are located shall be allowed one (1) wall Sign, limited to a Building Identification Sign, not exceeding fifty (50) square feet in Area, for each face of the Building oriented toward the street, In addition, each individual establishment within a

and portable signs such as A-frame sandwich boards. Signs advertising the availability of employment opportunities. Signs with tag lines, slogans, phone numbers, or service description. Signs attached, painted on, or otherwise affixed to trees and landscaping. b. For a single Building with more than one establishment opening up to the outdoors: 1. Wall Signs. The Building in which the establishments are located shall be allowed one (1) wall Sign, limited to a Building Identification Sign, not exceeding fifty (50) square feet in Area, for each face of the Building oriented toward the street, In addition, each individual establishment within a Building that has a separate entrance to the outdoors (available to the general public, whether on the ground floor or on an upper level), and a minimum Frontage of twenty (20) linear feet to the outdoors, shall be allowed the following Signs: A wall Sign not to exceed one (1) square foot in Area for each linear foot of Frontage of the establishment. Window Signs not to exceed twenty percent (20%) of the glass area of the window or glass door in which placed; such Window Signs may be painted or attached. The number of such Signs is not limited by these regulations, but aggregate Area shall be included as part of aggregate wall Sign Area, as limited above. A hanging (as in under an Awning or similar Structure) Sign not to exceed three (3) square feet in Area. 2. Window Signs. Attached signs shall not exceed thirty-five (35%) of the glassed area of the window in which placed. The number of such Signs is not limited by these regulations, but the total areas shall be included as part of aggregate wall Sign Area, as limited above. Only trade names or graphic logos may be used. Store descriptions, advertisements, or tag lines are not permitted. The entire graphic shall be mounted below 48” in height from finished floor and all applied graphics shall be adhered to the interior side of the glass. Painted Signs in the form of artistic murals may be allowed by SAP Permit. 3. Projecting Signs. Shall be limited to one (1) Sign structure with no more than two (2) Sign surfaces, neither of which shall exceed forty (40) square feet in Sign Area; however, such permissible Sign Area may be increased to eighty (80) square feet where maximum projection from the face of the Building is two (2) feet or less; sixty (60) square feet where projection is more than two (2) and less than three (3) feet; and forty (40) square feet where projection is 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 477/614 at least three (3), but not more than four (4) feet. The aggregate Area of such Signs shall not be included as part of aggregate wall Sign Area, as limited above. 4. Ground or freestanding Signs. Shall be limited to one (1) Sign structure with no more than two (2) Sign surfaces, neither of which shall exceed forty (40) square feet in Sign Area

two (2) feet or less; sixty (60) square feet where projection is more than two (2) and less than three (3) feet; and forty (40) square feet where projection is 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 477/614 at least three (3), but not more than four (4) feet. The aggregate Area of such Signs shall not be included as part of aggregate wall Sign Area, as limited above. 4. Ground or freestanding Signs. Shall be limited to one (1) Sign structure with no more than two (2) Sign surfaces, neither of which shall exceed forty (40) square feet in Sign Area for each establishment or for each one hundred (100) feet of street Frontage. Permitted Sign Area may be cumulative, but no Sign surface shall exceed one hundred (100) square feet. Maximum Height limitation shall be twenty (20) feet including embellishments, measured from the crown of the nearest adjacent local or arterial street, not including limited access highways or expressways, provided, however, that the Zoning Administrator may increase the measurement of the crown by up to five (5) feet to accommodate unusual or undulating site conditions. c. For outdoor advertising business Signs. Outdoor advertising business Signs shall be permitted as accessory Uses to principal Commercial Uses, and such Signs shall further be limited as follows: 1. Signs shall be wall mounted only on side walls of the existing principal Commercial Structure and shall not be freestanding; 2. Signs shall be limited to one Sign per Structure only; 3. Sign Area shall be limited to no greater than thirty-two (32) square feet; 4. Permissible Sign Area may only be utilized on a Commercial Structure which has the allowable thirty-two (32) square feet of Sign Area unused from the total permissible wall Sign Area for the Structure in question (not counting the twenty (20) square feet of wall Signs allowable per establishment); and 5. Such Signs may either be painted or mounted onto the subject wall. 6.5.3 Limitations on Signs Above a Height of Fifty (50) Feet Above Grade Except as otherwise provided in a specific Transect Zone, the following regulations shall apply to all Signs above a Height of fifty (50) feet above grade: a. Signs shall be limited to the identification of the Building or the name of one (1) major tenant of the Building occupying more than five percent (5%) of the gross leasable Building Floor Area. Not more than two (2) Signs per Building on two (2) separate Building Facades shall be permitted. b. Signs shall consist of individual letters or a graphic logotype, including embellishments such as borders or backgrounds. c. The maximum height of a letter shall be as indicated in the table below. d. The maximum height of a logo may exceed the maximum letter height by up to fifty percent (50%) if its width does not exceed its height. When text and a graphic logotype are combined in an integrated fashion to form a seal or emblem representative of an institution or corporation, and when

two (2) Signs per Building on two (2) separate Building Facades shall be permitted. b. Signs shall consist of individual letters or a graphic logotype, including embellishments such as borders or backgrounds. c. The maximum height of a letter shall be as indicated in the table below. d. The maximum height of a logo may exceed the maximum letter height by up to fifty percent (50%) if its width does not exceed its height. When text and a graphic logotype are combined in an integrated fashion to form a seal or emblem representative of an institution or corporation, and when this emblem is to serve as the principal means of Building identification, the following regulations shall apply. e. The maximum length of the Sign shall not exceed eighty percent (80%) of the width of the Building wall upon which it is placed, as measured at the height of the Sign. The Sign shall consist of not more than one (1) horizontal line or one (1) vertical of letters or symbols, unless it is determined that two (2) lines of lettering would be more compatible with the Building design. The total length of the two (2) lines of lettering, end-to-end, if permitted, shall not exceed eighty percent (80%) of the width of the Building wall. f. Deviations from the maximum size of letter, logotype, length of Sign or number of Signs may be granted by SAP Permit. g. All Signs higher than fifty (50) feet above grade may be permitted by SAP Permit and shall be reviewed based on the following guidelines: 1. Signs should respect the Architectural Features of the Facade and be sized and placed subordinate to those features. Overlapping of functional windows, extensions beyond parapet edges obscuring architectural ornamentation or disruption of dominant Facade lines are examples of Sign design problems considered unacceptable. 2. The Sign’s color and value (shades of light and dark) should be harmonious with Building materials. any portion of a Sign over fifty (50) feet but less than two hundred (200) feet above grade 4 FEET any portion of a Sign over two hundred (200) feet but less than three hundred (300) feet above grade 6 FEET any portion of a Sign over three hundred (300) feet but less than four hundred (400) feet above grade 8 FEET any portion of a Sign over four hundred (400) feet above grade 9 FEET any portion of a Sign over fifty (50) feet but less than two hundred (200) feet above grade 200 SQ. FT any portion of a Sign over two hundred (200) feet but less than three hundred (300) feet above grade. 300 SQ. FT any portion of a Sign over three hundred (300) feet but less than four hundred (400) feet above grade 400 SQ. FT any portion of a Sign over four hundred (400) feet above grade 500 SQ. FT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 478/614 3. In the case of a lighted Sign, a reverse channel letter that silhouettes the Sign

of a Sign over fifty (50) feet but less than two hundred (200) feet above grade 200 SQ. FT any portion of a Sign over two hundred (200) feet but less than three hundred (300) feet above grade. 300 SQ. FT any portion of a Sign over three hundred (300) feet but less than four hundred (400) feet above grade 400 SQ. FT any portion of a Sign over four hundred (400) feet above grade 500 SQ. FT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 478/614 3. In the case of a lighted Sign, a reverse channel letter that silhouettes the Sign against a lighted Building face or the subtle application of illuminated letter returns is desirable. Lighting of a Sign should be accompanied by accent lighting of the Building’s distinctive Architectural Features and especially the Facade area surrounding the Sign. Lighted Signs on unlit Buildings are un-acceptable. The objective is a visual lighting emphasis on the Building with the lighted Sign as subordinate. 4. Feature lighting of the Building, including exposed light elements that enhance Building lines, light sculpture or kinetic displays that meet the criteria of the Miami-Dade County artin- public places ordinance, shall not be construed as Signage subject to these regulations. 6.5.4 Special Area Plan Signage Package The Miami Design District Retail Street SAP Signage Package shall serve to enhance the district’s identity, provide safe and clear directional devices for visitors into and through the district, deliver information about the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area, and preserve the character of the surrounding community as a unique destination for art, culture, design, and fashion in Miami. A SAP Signage Package shall allow greater flexibility in sign regulations when the flexibility results in a higher or specialized quality design. Approval of such a package may also authorize the placement of Directional Signs within the Public Rightof-Way or voluntary Frontage setback subject to the following conditions: (i) Directional Signs shall not be located within the Public Right-of-Way so as to disrupt pedestrian activity; (ii) Directional Signs shall respect the vision clearance standards set forth in Sec. 3.8.4 of Miami 21; and (iii) the placement of a Directional Sign within the Public Right-of-Way shall require the approval of Public Works Department. Specific sign standards may be exceeded for various sign types with the exception that the total aggregate areas for Building Identification and Directional Signs are not exceeded. A SAP Signage Package submittal may be submitted for either the entirety of the SAP area or for the individual blocks comprising the SAP area. Such submittal, at a minimum, shall include the following: (i) a plan view of each Sign type indicating the typical condition for each Sign type and (ii) the specifications of each sign type. Where an SAP Signage Package is approved for an individual block, all subsequent submittals for future blocks shall incorporate an aesthetic consistent with the aesthetic of the previously approved Signage package. Upon approval of a SAP Signage Package, all signs which conform to the

Signage Package submittal may be submitted for either the entirety of the SAP area or for the individual blocks comprising the SAP area. Such submittal, at a minimum, shall include the following: (i) a plan view of each Sign type indicating the typical condition for each Sign type and (ii) the specifications of each sign type. Where an SAP Signage Package is approved for an individual block, all subsequent submittals for future blocks shall incorporate an aesthetic consistent with the aesthetic of the previously approved Signage package. Upon approval of a SAP Signage Package, all signs which conform to the standards set forth therein shall not require an individual SAP Permit, and shall be permitted if in compliance with the Florida Building Code.

ARTICLE 7 . PROCEDURES AND NONCONFORMITIES 7.1.2 Permits The permits that may be necessary to develop property within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area include the following: Warrant; Waiver; Exception; Variance; SAP Permit; and amendment to the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP. The permits, with the exception of the SAP Permit, are illustrated in Article 7, Diagram 14. In addition, certain approvals may be necessary to confirm that uses are permitted under the Code, these include zoning approval (by right), certificate of use, planning determination, or zoning interpretation. Permits issued in error shall convey no rights to any party. The Zoning Administrator shall require corrections to be made unless construction has commenced on that portion of the construction that was permitted in error. 7.1.2.10 Miami Design District Retail Street SAP Permit a. SAP Permit. The SAP Permit authorizes the Development of Structures or Uses within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area following review of the proposed design or Use by the Planning Director. Design conditions or Uses requiring approval by SAP Permit are described in the various articles of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, and are referenced herein as a non-exhaustive list only for convenience. The specific parameters of each SAP Permit are further described in the articles in which each SAP Permit appears in the Code. 1. Arcades, Galleries, and Cantilevers in T4, T5, and T6 (Article 5, Section 5.4.2.b, 5.5.2.b, and 5.6.2.b). 2. Encroachment of closed stair and open balconies above the 8th floor for T6-12 Lots west of NE 1st Avenue a maximum of five (5) feet into the required Setback (Article 5, Section 5.6.1.f). 3. Habitable stories above Arcade and Cantilevered Buildings in T4, T5, and T6 (Article 5, Section 5.4.2.b, 5.5.2.b, and 5.6.2.b). 4. Open, buffered Loading for T6-12 Lots located west of NE 1st Avenue (Article 5, Section 5.6.2.f). 5. Retail Frontage glazing reductions in T4, T5 and T6 (Article 5, Section 5.4.5.b, 5.5.5.b, 5.6.5.b). 6. Signage related deviations (Article 6, Sec. 6.5.2.5.a.2, 6.5.2.5.a.5, 6.5.2.5.a.10, 6.5.2.5.a.11, , 6.5.2.5.b.2, 6.5.3.f, and 6.5.3.g.) 7. SAP Signage Package approval (Article 6, Section 6.5.4). 8. Decorative Facade treatment or art or green wall (Article 5, Section 5.5.4.i). 9. Building Setback modification from Established Setback in T4, T5 and T6 (Article 5, Section 5.4.5.d., 5.5.5.e, and 5.6.5.e). 10. Vehicular pavement width for parking lot or Parking Garage entrance (Article 5, Section 5.5.4.e.i.1). 11. Outdoor dining areas fronting a Thoroughfare or on a rooftop (Article 6, Section 6.3.7(a)(2)) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 479/614 12. Artistic installations, exhibits and structures, including but not limited to artwork, tents, shipping container concepts, or other creative installations (Article 6, Section 6.3.7(b)) 13. As appropriate to the nature of the SAP Permit involved and the particular circumstances of the case, SAP Permits up to ten percent (10%) of any particular standard of this Code except Density, Intensity and Height, may be granted when doing so promotes the intent of the particular Transect Zone where the proposal is

11. Outdoor dining areas fronting a Thoroughfare or on a rooftop (Article 6, Section 6.3.7(a)(2)) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 479/614 12. Artistic installations, exhibits and structures, including but not limited to artwork, tents, shipping container concepts, or other creative installations (Article 6, Section 6.3.7(b)) 13. As appropriate to the nature of the SAP Permit involved and the particular circumstances of the case, SAP Permits up to ten percent (10%) of any particular standard of this Code except Density, Intensity and Height, may be granted when doing so promotes the intent of the particular Transect Zone where the proposal is located; is consistent with the guiding principles of this Code; and there is practical difficulty in otherwise meeting the standards of the Transect Zone, or when doing so promotes energy conservation and Building sustainability. 14. Height of extensions for a stair, elevator or mechanical enclosure in T4, T5, and T6 (Article 5, Section 5.4.2.h, 5.5.2.h, and 5.6.2.h) 15. Height of Fences and Walls in T4, T5 and T6 (Article 5, Section 5.4.2.i, 5.5.2.k, and 5.6.2.k) 16. Vehicular entry spacing in T4, T5 and T6 (Article 5, Section 5.4.5.f, 5.5.4.e. and 5.6.4.f.) 17. Alternative treatment for exposed top level of a Parking Structure in T5 and T6 (Article 5, Section 5.5.5.d and 5.6.5.d) 18. Deviations from Retail Merchandise Unit limitation (Article 6, Section 6.3.2.d) b. SAP Permit review and approval process. All Development of Structures or authorization of Uses within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP area identified as permitted by SAP Permit shall be reviewed and approved as set forth below. 1. Applications for SAP permits shall be made on forms provided by the city and, in addition, shall be accompanied by any information reasonably deemed necessary by the Planning Director to render a decision on the subject application. The Planning Director shall review each submitted application for a SAP Permit for completeness. Unless a Building was specifically approved as part of the Special Area Plan, all Buildings shall be reviewed by the Planning Director, after referral for recommendation to the Coordinated Review Committee (CRC) for conformance to the Plan, prior to the issuance of the Building Permit, consistent with the requirements of Sec. 3.9.1.g of this Code. All applications for Uses within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP authorized by the SAP Permit shall be reviewed by the Planning Director without need for referral to the CRC. 2. Where there is no referral to the CRC, the Planning Director shall issue a notice of an intended decision within twenty-one (21) calendar days of a determination that the SAP Permit application is complete. Where there is a referral to the CRC, the Planning Director shall issue a notice of an intended decision within fifteen (15) calendar days of the meeting date of the CRC. The applicant shall have seven (7) calendar days from receipt of the notice of the intended decision to request a conference with the Planning Director to discuss revisions or provide additional information regarding the

2. Where there is no referral to the CRC, the Planning Director shall issue a notice of an intended decision within twenty-one (21) calendar days of a determination that the SAP Permit application is complete. Where there is a referral to the CRC, the Planning Director shall issue a notice of an intended decision within fifteen (15) calendar days of the meeting date of the CRC. The applicant shall have seven (7) calendar days from receipt of the notice of the intended decision to request a conference with the Planning Director to discuss revisions or provide additional information regarding the application. Within ten (10) calendar days of the conference, or if no conference is requested within ten (10) days of the notice of the intended decision, the Planning Director shall issue his decision with written findings and determinations regarding the applicable criteria set forth in this section and any other applicable regulations as they relate to the application. The applicant and the Planning Director may mutually agree to an extension of time for the issuance of the final decision. The findings and determinations shall be used to approve, approve with condition, or deny the SAP Permit application. If a decision is not issued by the Planning Director within the above-specified timeframes, the SAP Permit application shall be deemed approved. 3. The Planning Director shall approve, approve with conditions, or deny the SAP Permit application. Approvals shall be granted when the application is consistent with the Comprehensive Plan, the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, and the terms of the accompanying Development Agreement. Conditional approvals shall be granted when the application requires the imposition of conditions in order to be consistent with the Comprehensive Plan, the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, and the terms of the accompanying Development Agreement. Denials of applications shall be issued if, in the estimation of the Planning Director, conditions and safeguards have been considered and the application is still found to be inconsistent with the Comprehensive Plan, the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, and the accompanying Development Agreement. The decision of the Planning Director shall include an explanation of the code requirements for an appeal of the decision. The Director shall include a citation of the legal authority supporting the denial of an SAP Permit application. c. SAP Permit Review Criteria. A SAP Permit shall be approved if the application is consistent with the Comprehensive Plan, the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, and its accompanying Development Agreement. The Planning Director shall further consider the criteria set forth in Table 12 of Article IV where appropriate. d. SAP Permit Appeal to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. The SAP Permit applicant may appeal the determination of the Planning Director within fifteen (15) calendar days of the issuance of a final decision. Appeal of the determination of the Planning Director shall be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards and shall be heard de novo by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. The Planning, Zoning

Comprehensive Plan, the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, and its accompanying Development Agreement. The Planning Director shall further consider the criteria set forth in Table 12 of Article IV where appropriate. d. SAP Permit Appeal to the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. The SAP Permit applicant may appeal the determination of the Planning Director within fifteen (15) calendar days of the issuance of a final decision. Appeal of the determination of the Planning Director shall be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards and shall be heard de novo by the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. The Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board shall determine whether to affirm, modify or reverse the determination of the Planning Director. Should the Board reverse the Planning Director's denial or modify conditions of the planning director's approval, the board may, as appropriate, approve the permit as requested by the applicant or approve with modified conditions and safeguards as necessary to ensure the SAP permit's consistency with the Comprehensive Plan, the Miami Design District Special Area Plan, and the terms of the accompanying Development Agreement. The SAP Permit applicant may appeal the ruling of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board to the City Commission within fifteen (15) calendar days of the issuance of its ruling. Such appeals shall be filed with the Office of Hearing Boards and shall be considered de novo by the City Commission. The City Commission shall determine whether to affirm, modify or reverse the ruling of the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board. Should the Commission reverse the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board's determination or modify conditions of the approval, the Commission may, as appropriate, approve the permit as 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 480/614 requested by the applicant or approve with modified conditions and safeguards as necessary to ensure the SAP permit's consistency with the Comprehensive Plan, the Miami Design District Special Area Plan, and the terms of the accompanying Development Agreement.

ARTICLE 9 . LANDSCAPING REQUIREMENTS 9.5 MINIMUM STANDARDS The following standards shall be considered minimum requirements unless otherwise indicated: 9.5.3 TREES a. Tree Size All trees, except street trees, shall be a minimum of twelve (12) feet high and have a minimum caliper or diameter at breast height (DBH) of two (2) inches at time of planting, except that thirty (30) percent of the tree requirement may be met by native species with a minimum height of ten (10) feet and a minimum caliper of one and one-half (1 1/2) inches at time of planting. b. Street tree size and spacing Street trees shall be of a species typically grown in Miami-Dade County which normally mature to a height of fifteen (15) feet and a minimum caliper of three (3) inches at time of planting, and shall be provided along all roadways at a maximum average spacing of thirty (30) feet on center, except as otherwise provided in this Article. The thirty (30) foot average spacing requirement for multiple single family units and townhouse shall be based on the total lineal footage of roadway for the entire project and not based on individual Lot widths. Street trees shall be placed within the swale area or shall be placed on private property where demonstrated to be necessary due to right-of-way obstructions as determined by the Public Works Department. Street trees planted along private roadways shall be placed within seven (7) feet of the edge of roadway pavement and/or where present within seven (7) feet of the sidewalk. c. Power lines Where the height and location of overhead power-lines requires the planting of low growing trees, street trees shall have a minimum height of eight (8) feet, a minimum caliper of one and one-half (1.5) inches at time of planting, and shall meet the following requirements: 1. Single trunk trees clear of lateral branches to four (4) feet and/or multi trunk trees or tree/shrubs, as referenced in the Landscape Manual, cleared of foliage to a height of four (4) feet. 2. A maximum average spacing of twenty-five (25) feet on center. 3. Maturing to a height and spread not encroaching within five (5) feet of overhead power distribution lines. 4. Under high voltage (50kV and above) transmission lines installed independent of under built distribution lines, tree height and spread shall not exceed the minimum approach distances specified in the current ANSI (American National Standards Institute) Z133.1 Standards, as referenced in the Landscape Manual. 9.5.5 MINIMUM NUMBER OF TREES The minimum number of required trees, in addition to street trees, is referenced in Table A. Within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, where the trees provided exceed the minimum caliper or DBH requirements set forth in Sec 9.5.3.a and 9.5.3.b, the total number of required trees may be reduced, so long as, at the time of planting, the total minimum caliper or DBH provided is equal to or greater than the total minimum caliper or DBH for the number trees required in

National Standards Institute) Z133.1 Standards, as referenced in the Landscape Manual. 9.5.5 MINIMUM NUMBER OF TREES The minimum number of required trees, in addition to street trees, is referenced in Table A. Within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP, where the trees provided exceed the minimum caliper or DBH requirements set forth in Sec 9.5.3.a and 9.5.3.b, the total number of required trees may be reduced, so long as, at the time of planting, the total minimum caliper or DBH provided is equal to or greater than the total minimum caliper or DBH for the number trees required in Table A and Sec. 9.5.3.b at the time of planting. TABLE A Zoning District Number of Trees Required Per Acre of Net Lot Area Urban General T4-L 28 T4-O 28 Urban Center T5-O 22 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 481/614 *Requirements determined by most restrictive abutting Transect Zone Where a conflict exists, the requirement imposing the higher standard shall apply. a. Urban Center and Urban Core Transect Zones. In Urban Center or Urban Core Transect Zones, if the minimum number of trees required cannot be reasonably planted on the ground level of the subject property, the applicant may plant forty percent (40%) of the required trees on upper levels such as open recreation areas or exposed decks. b. Off-site tree planting. If the minimum number of trees required cannot be reasonably planted within the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP Area, the applicant may enter into an agreement with the city, as approved by the department, to plant the excess number of required trees on public property in the following order of priority: (i) elsewhere within Design District; (ii) within one (1) mile of the Design District; or (iii) within any City park; or (iv) at any location within the City approved by the Planning Department. c. Tree trust fund. If the minimum number of trees required cannot be reasonably planted on the subject property, but as an alternative to the off-site tree planting option provided in subsection 9.5.5.b, the applicant shall contribute into the city’s tree trust fund the sum of one thousand dollars ($1000.00) for each two (2) inch caliper tree required in accordance with Table A of Section 9.5.5. A city resident with current proof of residency and homestead status shall contribute five hundred ($500.00) for each two (2) inch caliper tree required in accordance with Table A of Section 9.5.5. d. Grassed areas that are to be used for organized sports such as football and soccer or other similar sports or playgrounds, that are clearly identified on a landscape plan shall not be counted toward calculating tree and maximum lawn area requirements. e. Trees shall be planted to provide shade to residential structures of a height of thirty-five (35) feet or less. At least two (2) required lot trees shall be positioned in the energy conservation zone as defined herein. All exterior air conditioning units, except for air conditioning units placed on the roof, shall be

A of Section 9.5.5. d. Grassed areas that are to be used for organized sports such as football and soccer or other similar sports or playgrounds, that are clearly identified on a landscape plan shall not be counted toward calculating tree and maximum lawn area requirements. e. Trees shall be planted to provide shade to residential structures of a height of thirty-five (35) feet or less. At least two (2) required lot trees shall be positioned in the energy conservation zone as defined herein. All exterior air conditioning units, except for air conditioning units placed on the roof, shall be shaded by trees and/or shrubs as referenced in the Landscape Manual. f. Palms of a fourteen (14) foot minimum overall height and minimum caliper of three (3) inches at time of planting shall count as a required tree on the basis of two (2) palms-per tree, except as provided herein for palms used as of street trees. No more than thirty (30) percent of the minimum tree requirements shall be palms. g. Existing trees required by law to be preserved on site and that meet the requirements of Section 9.5.3, may be counted toward fulfilling the minimum tree requirements. h. Prohibited and controlled tree species shall not be counted toward fulfilling minimum tree requirements. Prohibited trees shall be removed from the site after obtaining approval of a tree removal permit. i. No less than thirty (30) percent of the required trees and/or palms shall be native species. j. No less than fifty (50) percent of the required trees shall be low maintenance and drought tolerant species. k. Eighty (80) percent of the trees shall be listed in the Miami-Dade Landscape Manual, the Miami- Dade Street Tree Master Plan and/or the University of Florida’s Low-Maintenance Landscape Plants for South Florida list. l. In order to prevent adverse environmental impacts to existing native plant communities, cabbage palms (Sabal palmetto) that are harvested from the wild shall not be used to satisfy minimum landscaping requirements. Only existing cabbage palms (Sabal palmetto) which are rescued from government approved donor sites, transplanted within the site, or commercially grown from seed shall be counted towards the minimum tree and native plant requirements. m. When trees are planted within the right-of-way, the owners of land adjacent to the areas where street trees are planted must maintain those areas including the trees, plants and sod, using pruning methods specified in this Code. A covenant executed by those owners is required, or a special taxing district must be created to maintain these areas. Where the State, County or municipality determines that the planting of trees and other landscape material is not appropriate in the public right-of-way, they may require that said trees and landscape material be placed on private property. n. Consideration shall be given to the selection of trees, plants and planting site to avoid serious problems such as clogged sewers, cracked sidewalks, and power service interruptions. SAP 2.3 CONCEPT BOOK The current versions of the Miami Design

specified in this Code. A covenant executed by those owners is required, or a special taxing district must be created to maintain these areas. Where the State, County or municipality determines that the planting of trees and other landscape material is not appropriate in the public right-of-way, they may require that said trees and landscape material be placed on private property. n. Consideration shall be given to the selection of trees, plants and planting site to avoid serious problems such as clogged sewers, cracked sidewalks, and power service interruptions. SAP 2.3 CONCEPT BOOK The current versions of the Miami Design District Retail Street SAP Design Concept Book was approved by the City Commission on December 14, 2023 under Ordinance No. 14244. Copies of the Design Concept Book approved under this legislation are on file with the City of Miami and are incorporated herein by reference. Concept Book Link Exhibit "A" Urban Core T6-O 22 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 482/614 Legal Descriptions of the Property MAP #1: LAVERNE SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 90 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-029-0130) Lots 1, 2 and 3, Block 2, of BILTMORE COURT, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 7, at Page 37, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida MAP #2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7: PALM COURT SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 100 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-046-0010) 3851 Ne 1 Avenue(Folio No.: 01-3124-046-0020) 3801 NE 1 Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-046-0030) 132 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-046-0040) 140 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-046-0050) 180 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-046-0060) 3821 NE 1 Court (Folio No.: 01-3124-046-0070) Tracts A, B, C, D, E, F and G of PALM WAY SUBDIVISION, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 170, at Page 32, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #8: BUICK SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 3841 NE 2nd Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3219-011-0100) The North 68.32 feet of Lot 2, and all of Lot 3, of SECOND AMENDED PLAT OF MAGNOLIA PARK, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 5, at Page 25, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, together with that certain twelve-foot strip of land lying adjacent to and immediately East of the above-described property, said twelve-foot strip having for its Easterly boundary the Florida East Coast Railroad right-of-way. MAP #9: TUTTLE SOUTH SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 3725 Biscayne Boulevard (Folio No.: 01-3219-045-0010) Tract A of VIA TUTTLE SUBDIVISION, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 163, at Page 59, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida formerly described as: Lot 32, less that part in Biscayne Boulevard, and Lots 33 through 36, less the West 6 feet thereof, MAGNOLIA PARK, 2 AMENDED PLAT THEREOF, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 5, at Page 25, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade

the Florida East Coast Railroad right-of-way. MAP #9: TUTTLE SOUTH SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 3725 Biscayne Boulevard (Folio No.: 01-3219-045-0010) Tract A of VIA TUTTLE SUBDIVISION, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 163, at Page 59, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida formerly described as: Lot 32, less that part in Biscayne Boulevard, and Lots 33 through 36, less the West 6 feet thereof, MAGNOLIA PARK, 2 AMENDED PLAT THEREOF, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 5, at Page 25, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida; ND 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 483/614 AND Lots 33, 35 and 37, of BUENA VISTA BISCAYNE BADGER CLUB SUBDIVISION, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 1, at Page 115, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida; AND The North 34.88 feet of Lot 31 of BUENA VISTA BISCAYNE BADGER CLUB SUBDIVISION, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 1, at Page 115, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida; AND The East one foot of the West 6 feet of Lot 36, MAGNOLIA PARK, 2 AMENDED PLAT THEREOF, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 5, at Page 25, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #10: TUTTLE NORTH SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 299 NE 38th Street (Folio No.: 01-3219-011-0330) Lots 37, 38 and 39, SECOND AMENDED PLAT OF MAGNOLIA PARK, less right of way of Biscayne Boulevard, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 5, at Page 25, of the Public Records of Miami- Dade County, Florida. MAP #11, 12: SWEET BIRD SOUTH (f/k/a Norwegian Wood and Casa/Lady Jane) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 92 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-029-0010) 99 NE 39th Street Lots 1, 2 and 3, Block 3, of AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1921, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. And Lots 1 and 2, Block 1, of BILTMORE COURT, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 7, at Page 37, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #13, 14: JBL (f/k/a JBL and Hale Daniel) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): (Folio No.: 01-3124-030-0090) 101 NE 39th Street ND 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 484/614 SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 103 NE 39th Street 105 NE 39th Street 107 NE 39th Street 111 NE 39th Street 3907 NE 1st Avenue 3911 NE 1st Avenue Subtract A: Lot 11 and the East 3 feet of Lot 12, in Block 1, of MAGNOLIA COURT, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 105, of the Public Records of Miami- Dade County, Florida. Subtract B: Parcel 1: Lots 21, 22 and 23, of SECOND SECTION, COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1924, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in

Street ND 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 484/614 SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 103 NE 39th Street 105 NE 39th Street 107 NE 39th Street 111 NE 39th Street 3907 NE 1st Avenue 3911 NE 1st Avenue Subtract A: Lot 11 and the East 3 feet of Lot 12, in Block 1, of MAGNOLIA COURT, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 105, of the Public Records of Miami- Dade County, Florida. Subtract B: Parcel 1: Lots 21, 22 and 23, of SECOND SECTION, COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1924, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 12, at Page 44, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Parcel 2: Lot “A”, of BILTMORE COURT, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 7, at Page 37 of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Parcel 3: Unnumbered Lot 13 x 100 feet East of Moore Parkway and West of J.W. Wallace Tract, COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami- Dade County, Florida. Parcel 4: Lot 12, less the East 3 feet thereof, and Lot 13, in Block 1, of MAGNOLIA COURT, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 105, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, less that part of said Lot 13 described as follows: Beginning at the Southwesterly corner of Lot 13, Block 1, of MAGNOLIA COURT, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 105, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida; thence run Eastwardly along the Southerly line of said Lot 13, a distance of Twelve (12) feet to a point of curve; thence run Westwardly and Northwestwardly along the arc of a tangential curve to the right, having a radius of Twenty- Five (25) feet and a central angle of 8°41’07” for a distance of 12.52 feet to a point on the Westerly line of said Lot 13; thence run Southwardly along the Westerly line of said Lot 13 a distance of 3.07 feet to the Point of Beginning. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 485/614 MAP #15: OAK PLAZA-OP 120 (f/k/a Collins) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 139 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-030-0060) LOTS 7 THROUGH 9, INCLUSIVE, BLOCK 1, MAGNOLIA COURT, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF, AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK 6, AT PAGE 105, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA, LESS AND EXCEPT THAT PORTION OF SAID LOT 7 LYING EASTERLY OF THE SOUTHERLY PROLONGATION OF THE WESTERLY LINE OF THE EAST 5.00 FEET OF LOT 12, SECOND SECTION, COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK 12, AT PAGE 44, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA, SAID PORTION OF LOT 7 BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: BEGIN AT THE SOUTHEAST CORNER OF SAID LOT 7; THENCE SOUTH 89°58'58" WEST ALONG SOUTH BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 7, FOR

THE PLAT THEREOF, AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK 6, AT PAGE 105, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA, LESS AND EXCEPT THAT PORTION OF SAID LOT 7 LYING EASTERLY OF THE SOUTHERLY PROLONGATION OF THE WESTERLY LINE OF THE EAST 5.00 FEET OF LOT 12, SECOND SECTION, COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK 12, AT PAGE 44, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA, SAID PORTION OF LOT 7 BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: BEGIN AT THE SOUTHEAST CORNER OF SAID LOT 7; THENCE SOUTH 89°58'58" WEST ALONG SOUTH BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 7, FOR A DISTANCE OF 43.98 FEET; THENCE NORTH 00°01'50" WEST ALONG THE SOUTHERLY PROLONGATION OF THE WESTERLY LINE OF THE EAST 5.00 FEET OF SAID LOT 12, FOR A DISTANCE OF 93.23 FEET TO THE NORTH BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 7; THENCE NORTH 89°59'41" EAST ALONG THE NORTH BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 7, FOR A DISTANCE OF 43.98 FEET TO THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF SAID LOT 7; THENCE SOUTH 00°01'50" EAST ALONG THE EAST BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 7, FOR A DISTANCE OF 93.22 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING. MAP #16: OAK PLAZA OP 110 (f/k/a Loggia) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 163 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-030-0050) LOT 6 AND THAT PORTION OF LOT 7, BLOCK 1, MAGNOLIA COURT, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF, AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK 6, AT PAGE 105, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA, LYING EASTERLY OF THE SOUTHERLY PROLONGATION OF THE WESTERLY LINE OF THE EAST 5.00 FEET OF LOT 12, SECOND SECTION, COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK 12, AT PAGE 44, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA, SAID PORTION OF LOT 7 BEING MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: BEGIN AT THE SOUTHEAST CORNER OF SAID LOT 7; THENCE SOUTH 89°58'58" WEST ALONG SOUTH BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 7, FOR A DISTANCE OF 43.98 FEET; THENCE NORTH 00°01'50" WEST ALONG THE SOUTHERLY PROLONGATION OF THE WESTERLY LINE OF THE EAST 5.00 FEET OF SAID 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 486/614 LOT 12, FOR A DISTANCE OF 93.23 FEET TO THE NORTH BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 7; THENCE NORTH 89°59'41" EAST ALONG THE NORTH BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 7, FOR A DISTANCE OF 43.98 FEET TO THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF SAID LOT 7; THENCE SOUTH 00°01'50" EAST ALONG THE EAST BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 7, FOR A DISTANCE OF 93.22 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING. MAP #17: OAK PLAZA KVA OP 150 (Fendi) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 150 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-028-0080) The West 20 feet of Lot 12, and all of Lot 13, of COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, SECOND SECTION, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 12, at Page 44, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Also known as: The West 20 feet of Lot 12, and all of Lot 13, of SECOND SECTION, COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1924, according to the plat thereof,

7, FOR A DISTANCE OF 93.22 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING. MAP #17: OAK PLAZA KVA OP 150 (Fendi) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 150 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-028-0080) The West 20 feet of Lot 12, and all of Lot 13, of COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, SECOND SECTION, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 12, at Page 44, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Also known as: The West 20 feet of Lot 12, and all of Lot 13, of SECOND SECTION, COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1924, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 12, at Page 44, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #18: OAK PLAZA OP 160 SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 160 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-028-0060) 154 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-028-0070) Lots 10, 11 and the East 5 feet of Lot 12, of SECOND SECTION, COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1924, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 12, at Page 44, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #19: TOMAS MAIER SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 170 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-028-0040) Lots 7 and 8, of SECOND SECTION, COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1924, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 12, at Page 44, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #20: MELIN SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 3930 NE 2nd Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-028-0010) Lots 1 through 6 inclusive, of SECOND SECTION, COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1924, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 12, at Page 44, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, and Lots 1 through 4, inclusive, Block 1, and unnumbered Lot East of Lot 4, Block 1, of MAGNOLIA COURT, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 105, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 487/614 LESS Those portions of Lots 1, 2 and 3, Block 1, MAGNOLIA COURT, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 105, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, being more particularly described as follows: The East 10 feet of Lots 1, 2 and 3, and the external area of a circular curve, contained within said Lot 3, concave to the Northwest having a radius of 25 feet and tangents which are 25 feet North of and parallel with the centerline of N.E. 39 Street and 35 feet West of and parallel with the centerline of N.E. 2 Avenue; AND LESS Those portions of Lots 1, 2 and 3, SECOND SECTION, COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1924, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 12, at Page 44, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, being more particularly described as follows: The East 2 feet of Lots 1, 2 and 3, and the external area of a circular curve,

the Northwest having a radius of 25 feet and tangents which are 25 feet North of and parallel with the centerline of N.E. 39 Street and 35 feet West of and parallel with the centerline of N.E. 2 Avenue; AND LESS Those portions of Lots 1, 2 and 3, SECOND SECTION, COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1924, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 12, at Page 44, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, being more particularly described as follows: The East 2 feet of Lots 1, 2 and 3, and the external area of a circular curve, contained within said Lot 3, concave to the Southwest having a radius of 25 feet and tangents which are 33 feet South of and parallel with the centerline of N.E. 40 Street and 35 feet West of and parallel with the centerline of N.E. 2 Avenue. MAP #21: (NEWTON) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 201 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3129-012-0010) Lots 1 and 2 and the 10.00-foot Easterly adjacent alley, PLAT SHOWING RESUBDIVISION OF LOTS 4-5-6 & 7 OF SECOND AMENDED PLAT OF MAGNOLIA PARK, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 4, at Page 150, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #22, 23: (SWEET BIRD NORTH) (f/k/a Asi-Museum Village and Suttin and Lovely Rita) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 81 NE 40th Street and 95 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-049-0020) Tract B, MUSEUM SUBDIVISION, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 172, Page 98, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Formerly known as: Lots 5, 6 and 7, Block 2, of AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1921, according to the Plat th nd th nd 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 488/614 thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. And Lots 1, 2, 3 and 4, Block 2, AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1921, as according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #24, 25, 26, 27, 35, 36, 37, 38: (BRIDGE NORTH, BRIDGE SOUTH, JADE, MOSAIC, MOORE/GARDEN) (f/k/a Rosen, Mosaic/Chatham, Moore-Garden, Moore, Moore 140, Mosaic Lot, Rosen Lot, Palmer Building) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 140 NE 41st Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-048-0020) 150 NE 41st Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-048-0030) 175 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-048-0040) 155 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-048-0050) 151 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-048-0060) Tracts B, C, D, E and F, of BRIDGE SUBDIVISION, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 171, at Page 100, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Said Tracts B (Bridge North), C (Jade), D (Moore/Garden), E (Mosiac) and F (Bridge South) of said Plat formerly having been described as Tracts 10, 11, 14 and a portion of vacated alleys more particularly described as follows: (Moore/Garden)

01-3124-048-0020) 150 NE 41st Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-048-0030) 175 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-048-0040) 155 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-048-0050) 151 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-048-0060) Tracts B, C, D, E and F, of BRIDGE SUBDIVISION, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 171, at Page 100, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Said Tracts B (Bridge North), C (Jade), D (Moore/Garden), E (Mosiac) and F (Bridge South) of said Plat formerly having been described as Tracts 10, 11, 14 and a portion of vacated alleys more particularly described as follows: (Moore/Garden) Parcel 1: Lots 3, 5, 6 and 7, of AMENDED PLAT OF A PORTION OF BLOCK 10 OF BILTMORE SUBDIVISION AND A PORTION OF BLOCK 1 OF THE AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE SUBDIVISION, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 45, at Page 55, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Parcel 2: Lots 1 and 2, in Block 10, of BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Parcel 3: Lots 2, 3 and 4, in Block 1, of AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1921, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Together with: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 489/614 A portion of the 12 foot Alley lying North of Block 1, AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1921, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, being more particularly described as follows: BEGIN at the Northeast corner of said Lot 8; thence N00°03'19"W, along the Northerly prolongation of the East line of said Lot 8, for a distance; thence N89°59'47"E, along the centerline of 12 foot Alley, for a distance of 7.41 feet; thence S00°00'50"W, along a Westerly line of Lot 7, AMENDED PLAT OF A PORTION OF BLOCK 10 OF BILTMORE SUBDIVISION AND A PORTION OF BLOCK 1 OF THE AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE SUBDIVISION, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 45, at Page 55, of the Public Records, Miami- Dade County, Florida, for a distance of 6.00 feet; thence S89°59'47"W, along a Northerly line of said Lot 7, for a distance of 7.41 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING. (Mosaic / Bridge South) Parcel 1: Lots 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12, Block 1, of AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1921, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Together with: A portion of the 12 foot Alley lying North of Block 1, AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1921, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, being more particularly described as follows: BEGIN at

feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING. (Mosaic / Bridge South) Parcel 1: Lots 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12, Block 1, of AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1921, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Together with: A portion of the 12 foot Alley lying North of Block 1, AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1921, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, being more particularly described as follows: BEGIN at the Northeast corner of Lot 8, Block 1, AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1921; thence S89°59'47"W along the North line of said Block 1 for a distance of 112.14 feet; thence N00°00'06"E for a distance of 6.00 feet; thence N89°59'47"E along the centerline of 12 foot Alley, for a distance of 112.13 feet; thence S00°03'19"E along the Northerly prolongation of the East line of said Lot 8, for a distance of 6.00 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING. Parcel 2: Lots 13 and 14, Block 1 of AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE 1921, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Together with: A portion of the 12 foot Alley lying North of Block 1, AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, being more particularly described as follows: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 490/614 BEGIN at the Northwest corner of said Lot 14; thence N00°00'40"E, along the Northerly prolongation of the West line of said Lot 14, for a distance of 6.00 feet; thence N89°59'47"E, along the centerline of said 12 foot Alley, for a distance of 62.42 feet; thence S00°00'06"W for a distance of 6.00 feet; thence S89°59'47"W for, along the North line of said Block 1, a distance of 62.42 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING. (Jade and Bridge North) Parcel 1: Lot 6, in Block 10, of BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Parcel 2: Lot 7, in Block 10, of BILTMORE, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Parcel 3: Lot 5 and the West 20 feet of Lot 4, Block 10, BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records, Miami-Dade County, Florida, Excepting therefrom the following part of the West 20 feet of Lot 4: Begin at the Southwest corner of said Lot 4, Block 10, of the aforesaid BILTMORE; thence East along the South line of said Lot 4 for a distance of 20 feet; thence North parallel with the West line of said Lot 4 for

of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Parcel 3: Lot 5 and the West 20 feet of Lot 4, Block 10, BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records, Miami-Dade County, Florida, Excepting therefrom the following part of the West 20 feet of Lot 4: Begin at the Southwest corner of said Lot 4, Block 10, of the aforesaid BILTMORE; thence East along the South line of said Lot 4 for a distance of 20 feet; thence North parallel with the West line of said Lot 4 for a distance of 20 feet to a point; thence Southwesterly along a tangent circular curve having a radius of 20 feet through a central angle of 90 degrees for an arc distance of 31.42 feet to the Point of Beginning. Parcel 4: Lot 8, in Block 10, of BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Together with: A portion of the 12 foot Alley lying North of Block 1, AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, and a portion of the 12 foot Alley, AMENDED PLAT OF A PORTION OF BLOCK 10 OF BILTMORE SUBDIVISION AND A PORTION OF BLOCK 1 OF THE AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE SUBDIVISION, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 45, at Page 55, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, being more particularly described as follows: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 491/614 BEGIN at the Northwest corner of Lot 3 of said Plat Book 45, Page 55; thence S00°00'50"W, along the West line of said Lot 3, for a distance of 111.22 feet to the centerline of the 12 foot Alley as shown on said Plat Book 6, Page 132; thence N89°59'47"W, along said centerline, for a distance of 119.54 feet; thence N00°00'06"E for a distance of 6.00 feet; thence N89°59'47"E, along the North line of the 12 foot Alley as shown on said Plat Book 6, Page 132, for a distance of 87.55 feet to the point of curvature of a circular curve, also being the Westerly line of the 12 foot Alley as shown on said Plat Book 45, Page 55, concave to the Northwest having as it elements a radius of 20 feet and a central angle of 89°58'58; thence Easterly, Northeasterly and Northerly along said curve for an arc distance of 31.41 feet; thence N00°00'50"E, along the West line of the 12 foot Alley as shown on said Plat Book 45, Page 55, for a distance of 85.23 feet; thence S89°59'54"E, along the Westerly prolongation of the North line of said Lot 3, for a distance of 12.00 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING. AND Vacated Alley: A portion of the 12 foot wide alley as shown in Block

concave to the Northwest having as it elements a radius of 20 feet and a central angle of 89°58'58; thence Easterly, Northeasterly and Northerly along said curve for an arc distance of 31.41 feet; thence N00°00'50"E, along the West line of the 12 foot Alley as shown on said Plat Book 45, Page 55, for a distance of 85.23 feet; thence S89°59'54"E, along the Westerly prolongation of the North line of said Lot 3, for a distance of 12.00 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING. AND Vacated Alley: A portion of the 12 foot wide alley as shown in Block 1 of AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 132, together with the alley as shown in AMENDED PLAT OF A PORTION OF BLOCK 10 OF BILTMORE SUBDIVISION AND A PORTION OF BLOCK 1 OF THE AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE SUBDIVISION, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 45, at Page 55, of the Public Records, Miami- Dade County, Florida, being more particularly described as follows: Beginning at the Northwest corner of Lot 3, as shown in AMENDED PLAT OF A PORTION OF BLOCK 10 OF BILTMORE SUBDIVISION AND A PORTION OF BLOCK 1 OF THE AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE SUBDIVISION, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 45, at Page 55, of the Public Records, Miami- Dade County, Florida, the said point being on the northerly Right of Way line of Northeast 41st Street; thence South 00°00’50” West along the West line of said Lot 3, for a distance of 117.22 feet to a point on the North line of Block 1, as shown in AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 132, of the Public Records, Miami- Dade County, Florida; thence South 89°59’47” West along the North line of said Block 1, for a distance of 181.97 feet; thence North 00°00’39” East, a distance of 12.00 feet to a point on the South line of Block 10 as shown in BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records, Miami- Dade County, Florida; thence North 89°59’47” East along the South line of said Block 10, for a distance of 149.98 feet to a point of curvature with a circular curve concave to the Northwest, having a central angle of 89°58’58” and a radius of 20.00 feet; thence Northeasterly and Northerly along the arc of said curve, a distance of 31.41 feet to a point of tangency; thence North 00°00’50” East, a distance of 85.23 feet to appoint on the North line of said Block 10; thence South 89°59’54” East, a distance of 12.00 feet to the Point of Beginning. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 492/614 MAP #28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34: MUSEUM GARAGE (f/k/a Asi-Museum Village) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: (Folio No.:

circular curve concave to the Northwest, having a central angle of 89°58’58” and a radius of 20.00 feet; thence Northeasterly and Northerly along the arc of said curve, a distance of 31.41 feet to a point of tangency; thence North 00°00’50” East, a distance of 85.23 feet to appoint on the North line of said Block 10; thence South 89°59’54” East, a distance of 12.00 feet to the Point of Beginning. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 492/614 MAP #28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34: MUSEUM GARAGE (f/k/a Asi-Museum Village) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: (Folio No.: 01-3124-049-0010) 90 NE 41st Street Tract A, of MUSEUM SUBDIVISION, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 172, at Page 98, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Said Tract A of being formerly described as follows: Lots 1 through 8, of Block 9, Biltmore, according to the Plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. AND Vacated Alley: A portion of the 12 foot alley lying between Block 9, of BILTMORE according to the plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 6, Page 67, and Block 2 of AMENDED PLAT OF COMMERCIAL BILTMORE according to the plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 6, Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, being more particularly described as follows: BEGINNING at the Southeast corner of Lot 1, of said Block 9, the said point being on the Westerly Right of Way line of Northeast 1st Avenue; THENCE South 89°59’31” West, along the South line of said Block 9, for a distance of 175.17 feet; THENCE South 00°00’51” East; for a distance of 12.00 feet to a point on the North line of said Block 2; THENCE North 89°59’31” East along said North line of Block 2 for a distance of 175.17 feet to a point on the Westerly Right of Way line of Northeast 1st Avenue as shown on said plats; THENCE North 00°01’26” West for a distance of 12.00 feet to the POINT OF BEGINNING. MAP #41, 62: STARDUST WEST (f/k/a Moore 77 and Uptown Girl) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 4100 NE 1st Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-024-1350) 77 NE 41st Street (Folio no.: 01-3124-024-1340) Parcel 1: Lot 22 and the East ½ of Lot 21, in Block 8, of BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Parcel 2: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 493/614 Lots 23 and 24, less the North 46 feet thereof, in Block 8, of BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, recorded In Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami- Dade County, Florida. MAP #42, 43, 44: PARADISE PLAZA (f/k/a Moore 115, Scarlet Begonia, Church (FCAA)) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 115 NE 41st Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-024-1550) 135 NE 41st Street

of BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Parcel 2: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 493/614 Lots 23 and 24, less the North 46 feet thereof, in Block 8, of BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, recorded In Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami- Dade County, Florida. MAP #42, 43, 44: PARADISE PLAZA (f/k/a Moore 115, Scarlet Begonia, Church (FCAA)) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 115 NE 41st Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-024-1550) 135 NE 41st Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-024-1550) 150 NE 42nd Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-024-1550) Parcel 1: The West 325 feet of that certain tract of land in the city of Miami bounded on the North by N.E. 42 Street, on the South by N.E. 41 Street, on the East by N.E. Second Avenue and on the West by the East lines of Lots 5 and 6, Block 7, BILTMORE, a subdivision shown by plat of record in Miami-Dade County, in Plat Book 6, at Page 67. Also known as: A portion of the West 325 feet of that certain Lot of Land, 432 feet East and West and 204.6 feet North and South, lying directly East of and adjoining Lots 5 and 6, Block 7, of BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, of said Plat shown as Z.T. MERRITT HOME, said Lot lying in the Southeast corner of the NE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of section 24-53-41. Parcel 2: Lot 5, Block 7, of BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Parcel 3: Lots 3 and 4, in Block 7, of BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #45: 4100/Lee SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 4100 NE 2nd Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-024-1560) The East 107 feet of that certain tract of land 432 feet East and West by 204.6 feet North and South, lying directly East of and adjoining Lots 5 and 6, in Block 7, of BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami- Dade County, Florida. MAP #46: 4141 nd st 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 494/614 SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 4141 NE 2nd Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3219-009-0010) Tract A and Tract 1, REVISED PLAT OF TRACT "A" AND BLOCKS 1, 2, 3, 8, 9, 10, 11 AND 12 OF BRENTWOOD, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 44, Page 6, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, formerly known as Tract "A" and Lots 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5, Block 1, of BRENTWOOD, according to

Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami- Dade County, Florida. MAP #46: 4141 nd st 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 494/614 SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 4141 NE 2nd Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3219-009-0010) Tract A and Tract 1, REVISED PLAT OF TRACT "A" AND BLOCKS 1, 2, 3, 8, 9, 10, 11 AND 12 OF BRENTWOOD, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 44, Page 6, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, formerly known as Tract "A" and Lots 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5, Block 1, of BRENTWOOD, according to the plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 40, Page 66, of the Public Records of Miami - Dade County, Florida. MAP #47: 4200 SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 4200 NE 2nd Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-024-0930) Lot 1, less the East 5 feet thereof, Block 6, of BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #48: Flagler SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 4218 NE 2 Avenue (Folio No. 01-3124-024-0940) LOT 2, 3 AND 24, BLOCK 6, BILTMORE, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF, AS RECORDED IN PLAT BOOK 6, AT PAGE 67, OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA. MAP #49: 4240 SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 4240 NE 2nd Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-024-0950) Lot 4, less the East 5 feet thereof, in Block 6, BILTMORE, as recorded in Plat Book 6, Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #50, 51: CITY GARAGE (f/k/a City Garage, Sebastien) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 3800 NE 1st Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-033-0240) Parcel 1: Lots 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14, in Block 2, of COMMERCIAL BUENA VISTA, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 14, at Page 56, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Parcel 2: nd 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 495/614 Lots 15, 16, 17 and 18, Block 2, of COMMERCIAL BUENA VISTA, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 14, at Page 56, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Less the following portion of Lot 18, Block 2, of COMMERCIAL BUENA VISTA, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 14, at Page 56, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, as conveyed to the City of Miami by Right-of-Way Deed, recorded May 18, 2015, in Official Records Book 29619, at Page 3235, being more particularly described as follows: The external area of a 25.00 foot radius circular curve tangent to the South and West lines of said Block 2, COMMERCIAL BUENA VISTA, according to said Plat recorded in Plat Book 14, at Page 56, in the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida MAP #52, 53: PENNY LANE (f/k/a Spear, Always Flowers) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES):

in Plat Book 14, at Page 56, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, as conveyed to the City of Miami by Right-of-Way Deed, recorded May 18, 2015, in Official Records Book 29619, at Page 3235, being more particularly described as follows: The external area of a 25.00 foot radius circular curve tangent to the South and West lines of said Block 2, COMMERCIAL BUENA VISTA, according to said Plat recorded in Plat Book 14, at Page 56, in the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida MAP #52, 53: PENNY LANE (f/k/a Spear, Always Flowers) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 50 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-029-0150) Parcel 1: That portion of Lots 19, 20 and 21, of Block 2, COMMERCIAL BUENA VISTA, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 14, at Page 56, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, lying West of the West line of Lot 6, of Block 2, of BILTMORE COURT, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 7, at Page 37, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Parcel 2: All of Lot 7 and Lot 8, less the following described property: Beginning at the Northeast corner of Lot 8, in Block 2, of BILTMORE COURT, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 7, at Page 37, of the Public Records of Dade County, Florida now known as Miami-Dade County, Florida; thence run West along the North line of said Lot 8, a distance of 50.02 feet to the Northwest corner of said Lot 8; thence run South along the West line of said Lot 8, a distance of 89.30 feet to the Southwest corner of said Lot 8; thence run East along the South line of said Lot 8, a distance of 30.92 feet to a point; thence run North along a line parallel with and 30.92 feet East of the West line of said Lot 8, for a distance of 70.27 feet to a point of curve; thence run Northerly and Easterly along the arc of a curve having a radius of 19.15 feet and a central angle of 90°02'53" for an arc distance of 30.10 feet to the Northeast corner of said Lot 8, which is the point of beginning, all in Block 2, of BILTMORE COURT, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 7, at Page 37, of the Public Records of Dade County, Florida, now known as Miami-Dade County, Florida. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 496/614 AND LESS the following described lands conveyed to the City of Miami by Right-of-Way Deed, recorded February 28, 2017, in Official Records Book 30436, at Page 3942: A portion of Lot 7 and Lot 8, Block 2, BILTMORE COURT, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 7, at Page 37, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, being more particularly described as follows: The external area of a circular curve lying

Book 7, at Page 37, of the Public Records of Dade County, Florida, now known as Miami-Dade County, Florida. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 496/614 AND LESS the following described lands conveyed to the City of Miami by Right-of-Way Deed, recorded February 28, 2017, in Official Records Book 30436, at Page 3942: A portion of Lot 7 and Lot 8, Block 2, BILTMORE COURT, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 7, at Page 37, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, being more particularly described as follows: The external area of a circular curve lying within Lots 7 and 8, in Block 2, of BILTMORE COURT, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 7, at Page 37, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, said circular curve being concave to the Southeast, having a radius of 25 feet, and tangents which are 25 feet South of and parallel with the center line of N.E. 39 Street and 20 feet East of and parallel with the center line of N.E. Miami Court. MAP #54, 55, 56: LIDIA (f/k/a Lidia) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 30 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-029-0160) 3840 NE Miami Court (Folio No.: 01-3124-026-0220 3825 N. Miami Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-029-0170) Parcel 4A: Lot 9, less the East 15 feet, and Lots 10 through 13, Inclusive, Block 2, of BILTMORE COURT, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded In Plat Book 7, at Page 37, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, LESS that portion of Lot 11, Block 2, taken by Eminent Domain pursuant to Final Judgment under Clerks File No. 69R- 17950, described as follows: All that part of Lot 11, Block 2, of BILTMORE COURT, which lies within the external area formed by a 25 foot radius are, concave to the Southeast, tangent to the North line of said Lot 11 and tangent to a line that is 10 feet East and parallel to the West line of said Lot 11. And Parcel 4B Lot 4, less the West 15 feet, and Lot 5, Block 3, of CENTRAL ADDITION BUENA VISTA, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 3, at Page 191, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. th 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 497/614 MAP #57, 58, 59: MARCY SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 3852 N. Miami Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-021-0940) 20 NW 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-021-0950) 28 NW 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-021-0960) Lots 1, 2, 3 and 4, in Block 6, of PRINCESS PARK, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 87, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #60, 61: MADONNA SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 3900 N. Miami Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-021-0580) 21 NW 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-021-0570) Lots 22, 23, and 24, in Block 3, of PRINCESS PARK, according to the Plat thereof, as

LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 3852 N. Miami Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-021-0940) 20 NW 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-021-0950) 28 NW 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-021-0960) Lots 1, 2, 3 and 4, in Block 6, of PRINCESS PARK, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 87, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #60, 61: MADONNA SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 3900 N. Miami Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-021-0580) 21 NW 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-021-0570) Lots 22, 23, and 24, in Block 3, of PRINCESS PARK, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 87, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #63: STARDUST EAST (Tiny Dancer) SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 4039 NE 1st Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-024-1540) Lot 12, in Block 10, of BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 67, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #64: HELM SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 220 NE 43rd Street (Folio No.: 01-3219-009-0070) All of Block 2, of BRENTWOOD, according to the plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 40, Page 66, Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, ALSO KNOWN AS: Lot 5, Block 2, of BRENTWOOD, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 40, Page 66, Public Records of Dade County, Florida, and Tract 2, of REVISED PLAT TRACT “A” and Blocks 1, 2, 3, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12, of BRENTWOOD, according to the Plat thereof and recorded in Plat Book 44, Page 6, Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. MAP #65: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 1 NE 40th ST (Folio No.: 01-3124-027-0210) Lots 19, 20, 21, 22, 23 and 24, less the West 10 feet of lots 23, 22, 23 and 24, all in Block 2, of amended Plat of COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 498/614 as recorded in Plat Book 6, Page 132. of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County. Florida MAP #66: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 35 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-027-0180) Lots 14, 15, 16, 17 and 18. In Block 2, of amended Plat of COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, according to the map or plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami Dade County, Florida. Together with the terms, provisions and conditions contained in that certain declaration of restrictive covenants in favor the city of Miami. Florida, a municipality of the state of Florida, recorded in official records book 23151, page 4667 MAP #67: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 3995 N Miami Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-027-0430) The West 102 feet of lots 21, 22, 23 and 24, less the west 10 feet thereof Block j, of amended Plat of COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, Page 132, of

Public Records of Miami Dade County, Florida. Together with the terms, provisions and conditions contained in that certain declaration of restrictive covenants in favor the city of Miami. Florida, a municipality of the state of Florida, recorded in official records book 23151, page 4667 MAP #67: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 3995 N Miami Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-027-0430) The West 102 feet of lots 21, 22, 23 and 24, less the west 10 feet thereof Block j, of amended Plat of COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, according to the plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami- Dade County, Florida MAP #68: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 10 NE 40 Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-027-0420) Lots 19 and 20 and the East 5 feet of Lots 21, 22, 23 and 24, Block 3, of amended plat of COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, Page 1.32, of the Public Records of Miami- Dade County, Florida; and the North 2 inches of Lot 10, and the North 2 inches of the East 2 feet of Lot 11. Block 1. Of BILTMORE COURT. According to the Plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 7, Page 37, Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida MAP #69: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 28 NE 40 Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-027-0400) Lots 17 and 18, Block j, of amended Plat of COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, Page 132, of The Public Records of Miami- Dade County, Florida MAP #70: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 40 NE 40 Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-027-0390) Lots 15 and 16, Block 3, of amended Plat of COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 6, Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida MAP #71: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): 50 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-027-0360) Lots 12, 13 and 14, Block 3, of amended Plat of COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, according to the Plat thereof, th th th 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 499/614 SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: as recorded in Plat Book 6, Page 132, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida MAP #72: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 56 NE 40th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-027-0350) Lots 10 and 11, Block 3, of amended Plat of COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, according to the plat thereof recorded in Plat Book 6, Page 1.32, Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida MAP #73: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 3925 N Miami Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-029-0100) Lot 11. Less the North 2 inches of the East 2 feet and less the West 10 feet. And Lot 12 less the West 10 feet. Block 1. Of BILTMORE COURT, as recorded in Plat Book 7 Page 37, of the Public Records of Miami Dade County, Florida MAP #74: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 15

of amended Plat of COMMERCIAL BILTMORE, according to the plat thereof recorded in Plat Book 6, Page 1.32, Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida MAP #73: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 3925 N Miami Avenue (Folio No.: 01-3124-029-0100) Lot 11. Less the North 2 inches of the East 2 feet and less the West 10 feet. And Lot 12 less the West 10 feet. Block 1. Of BILTMORE COURT, as recorded in Plat Book 7 Page 37, of the Public Records of Miami Dade County, Florida MAP #74: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 15 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-029-0110) Lot 13, Block 1, of BILTMORE COURT, according to the Plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 7 Page 37, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida; less the West 10 feet of said Lot 13, and less the following described property: From the Southeast corner of lot 13, Block 1, of BILTMORE COURT, according to the Plat thereof as recorded in Plat Book 7 Page 37, of The Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida; thence run West along the South line of said lot 13 for a distance of 82.00 feet to the point of beginning of the following described parcel of land; thence run northwesterly along the arc of a tangential curve to the right having a radius of 15 feet through a central angle of 90°00'00" with an arc distance of 23.56 feet to a point of tangency on a line 10 feet East of and parallel with the West line of said Lot 13; thence run south along a line 10 feet East of and parallel with the West line of said lot 13 for a distance of 10 feet to a point; thence run southeasterly along the arc of a tangential curve to the left having a radius of 25 feet through a central angle of 36°52'12" with an arc distance of 16.09 feet to the point of beginning MAP #75: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 21 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-029-0080) Lots 9 and 10, less the North 0.28 feet of Lot 10, Block 1. Of BILTMORE COURT. According to the map or Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 7, Page 37, of the public Records of Miami - Dade County, Florida MAP #76: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): 45 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-029-0060) Lots 7 and 8, Block 1, of Biltmore Court, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 7, Page 37, of the 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 500/614 SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. ALSO described as: Begin at the Southwest corner of said Lot 8, Block 1, said point being on the North right of way line of NE 39th street; thence N00°00'00"e, along the West line of said Lot 8 a distance of 93.45 feet; thence N90°00'00"e, along the North line of said Lots 7 and 8 Block 1

(Folio No.: 01-3124-029-0060) Lots 7 and 8, Block 1, of Biltmore Court, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 7, Page 37, of the 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 500/614 SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. ALSO described as: Begin at the Southwest corner of said Lot 8, Block 1, said point being on the North right of way line of NE 39th street; thence N00°00'00"e, along the West line of said Lot 8 a distance of 93.45 feet; thence N90°00'00"e, along the North line of said Lots 7 and 8 Block 1 a distance of 100.00 feet; thence N00°00’00"e, along the East line of said Lot 7, Block 1 a distance of 93.45 feet to the North right of way line of NE 39th street; thence N90°00'00"w, along said North right of way line of NE 39th street a distance of 100.00 feet to the point of beginning MAP #77: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 53 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-029-0050) Lot 6, Block 1, of BILTMORE COURT, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 7, Page 37, of the Public Records of Miami-Dade County. Florida MAP #78,79,80: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 55 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-029-0040) 75 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-029-0030) 81 NE 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-029-0020) Lots J, 4 and 5, Block 1, BILTMORE COURT, according to the Plat thereof recorded in Plat Book 7, Page 37, Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida MAP #81: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 27 NW 39th Street (Folio No.: 01-3124-021-0560) Lot 21, Block 3, PRINCESS PARK, according to the Plat thereof recorded in Plat Book 6, at Page 87, of the Public Records of Miami Dade County, Florida. MAP #82: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: 3819 N Miami Ave (Folio No.: 01-3124-026-0200) Lot 3, less the West 15 feet, in Block 3, of CENTRAL ADDITION TO BUENA VISTA, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 3, at Page 191, of the Public Records of Miami Dade County, Florida. MAP #83: SUBJECT PROPERTY STREET ADDRESS(ES): 3801 N Miami Ave (Folio No.: 01-3124-026-0180) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 501/614 Appendix G - River Landing Ordinance 05-00410ap (Passed) Special Area Plan - River Landing AN ORDINANCE OF THE MIAMI CITY COMMISSION, WITH ATTACHMENT(S), APPROVING WITH CONDITIONS, PURSUANT TO ARTICLES 3, AND

WITH ATTACHMENT(S), APPROVING WITH CONDITIONS, PURSUANT TO ARTICLES 3, AND

ARTICLE 7 , OF THE MIAMI 21 CODE, THE ZONING ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA, AS AMENDED, THE REZONING OF CERTAIN PARCELS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF APPROXIMATELY 8.14 ACRES FOR THE RIVER LANDING SPECIAL AREA PLAN ("SAP"), A MIXED-USE DEVELOPMENT LOCATED AT APPROXIMATELY 1400, 1420 AND 1500 NORTHWEST NORTH RIVER DRIVE, MIAMI, FLORIDA, CONSISTING OF SUBJECT PROPERTY LEGAL DESCRIPTION: Lots 1 and 2, Block 3, CENTRAL ADDITION TO BUENA VISTA, according to the Plat thereof, as recorded in Plat Book 3, at Page 191, of the Public Records of Miami Dade County, Florida Less the following part for Right-of-Way: BEGINNING AT THE NORTHWEST CORNER OF SAID LOT 2; THENCE SOUTH ALONG THE WEST LINE OF SAID LOTS 1 AND 2 TO THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF SAID LOT 1; THENCE EAST ALONG THE SOUTH LINE OF SAID LOT 1, A DISTANCE OF 34.92 FEET; THENCE 1\100.45'04" E, A DISTANCE OF 4.50 FEET TO THE BEGINNING OF A CURVE CONCAVE TO THE NORTHEAST, HAVING A RADIUS OF 20 FEET; THENCE RUN NORTHWEST 31.33 FEET ALONG SAID CURVE THROUGH A CENTRAL ANGLE OF 89°45'40" TO A POINT ON A LINE 15 FEET EAST OF AND PARALLEL TO THE WEST LINE OF SAID LOTS 1 AND 2; THENCE NORTH ALONG SAID LINE 15 FEET EAST OF AND PARALLEL TO THE WEST LINE OF SAID LOTS 1 AND 2 TO A POINT ON THE NORTH LINE OF SAID LOT 2; THENCE WEST ALONG THE SAID NORTH LINE OF SAID LOT 2 TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING. AND LESS THE SOUTH 5 FEET OF THE EAST 66.59 FEET OF LOT 1 BLOCK 3 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 502/614 APPROXIMATELY 2,147,331 SQUARE FEET OF DEVELOPMENT; INCLUDING: A) APPROXIMATELY 444 RESIDENTIAL UNITS; B) APPROXIMATELY 1,618,383 SQUARE FEET OF COMMERCIAL USE; C) APPROXIMATELY 130,732 SQUARE FEET OF OPEN SPACE; AND D) APPROXIMATELY 2,418 PARKING SPACES; AMENDING THE ZONING ATLAS OF ORDINANCE NO 13114, BY CHANGING THE ZONING CLASSIFICATION OF THE ABOVE- REFERENCED PROPERTIES FROM "T6-8-O" URBAN CORE ZONE TO "T6-24-O" URBAN CORE ZONE; THE SQUARE FOOTAGES ABOVE ARE APPROXIMATE AND MAY INCREASE OR DECREASE AT TIME OF BUILDING PERMIT, NOT TO EXCEED A TOTAL OF 2,147,331 SQUARE FEET OF DEVELOPMENT; MAKING FINDINGS OF FACT AND STATING CONCLUSIONS OF LAW; PROVIDING FOR BINDING EFFECT; CONTAINING A SEVERABILITY CLAUSE; AND PROVIDING FOR AN EFFECTIVE DATE. ..Fiscal Impact LOCATION: Approximately 1400, 1420 and 1500 NW N River Drive [Commissioner Wifredo (Willy) Gort - District 1] APPLICANT(S): Javier F. Aviñó, Esquire, on behalf of River Landing Development, LLC, Contract Purchaser (Mahi Shrine Holding Corporation, Owner) FINDING(S): PLANNING AND ZONING DEPARTMENT: Recommends approval with conditions*. PLANNING, ZONING AND APPEALS BOARD: Recommends approval with conditions* on April 17, 2013 by a vote of 10-0. See companion File ID 05- 00410da. *See supporting documentation. PURPOSE: This will allow the "River Landing" SAP development. ..Body WHEREAS, the "River Landing" Special Area Plan ("SAP") consists of approximately 8.14 acres of selected parcels; as described in Exhibit "A", qualifying as a SAP, subject to Waiver #13-0002

Wifredo (Willy) Gort - District 1] APPLICANT(S): Javier F. Aviñó, Esquire, on behalf of River Landing Development, LLC, Contract Purchaser (Mahi Shrine Holding Corporation, Owner) FINDING(S): PLANNING AND ZONING DEPARTMENT: Recommends approval with conditions*. PLANNING, ZONING AND APPEALS BOARD: Recommends approval with conditions* on April 17, 2013 by a vote of 10-0. See companion File ID 05- 00410da. *See supporting documentation. PURPOSE: This will allow the "River Landing" SAP development. ..Body WHEREAS, the "River Landing" Special Area Plan ("SAP") consists of approximately 8.14 acres of selected parcels; as described in Exhibit "A", qualifying as a SAP, subject to Waiver #13-0002 and pursuant to Article 3, Section 3.9 of the Miami 21 Code, ("Zoning Ordinance"), and WHEREAS, the proposed SAP consists of approximately 2,147,331 square feet of development including: A) Approximately 444 residential units; B) Approximately 1,618,383 square feet of proposed commercial space; C) Approximately 130,732 square feet of open space; and D) Approximately 2,418 parking spaces; and WHEREAS, the proposed SAP will change the underlying zoning classification from "T6-8-O" Urban Core Zone to "T6-24-O" Urban Core Zone; and WHEREAS, the proposed SAP will allow for much-needed retail and residential uses in and in close proximity to the Miami-Dade County Criminal Court to the north, the Health District and urban core; and WHEREAS, the proposed SAP location on the Miami River will allow for use and enjoyment of the Miami River by not only the residents and patrons, but the general public as well, and WHEREAS, the proposed SAP will create certain recurring fiscal benefits for the City of Miami's tax base as well as much needed temporary and permanent jobs; and WHEREAS, the Miami Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board, at its meeting on April 17, 2013, following an advertised public hearing, adopted Resolution No. PZAB-R-13-025 by a vote of ten to zero (10-0), item no. 2, recommending APPROVAL with conditions of the SAP as set forth; and WHEREAS, the City Commission, after careful consideration of this matter deems it advisable and in the best interest of the general welfare of the City of Miami and its citizens to amend its Zoning Ordinance as hereinafter set forth; NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Resolution are hereby adopted by reference thereto and incorporated herein as if fully set forth in this Section. Section 2. The SAP attached hereto, is approved subject to the conditions specified herein. Section 3. The findings of fact set forth below are made with respect to the subject SAP: a. The SAP is consistent with the adopted Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, as amended. b. The City Commission further finds that: (1) The SAP will have a favorable impact on the economy of the City; 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 503/614 (2) The SAP will efficiently use public transportation facilities; (3) Any potentially adverse effects of the development will be mitigated through compliance with the conditions of this SAP;

Section 2. The SAP attached hereto, is approved subject to the conditions specified herein. Section 3. The findings of fact set forth below are made with respect to the subject SAP: a. The SAP is consistent with the adopted Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, as amended. b. The City Commission further finds that: (1) The SAP will have a favorable impact on the economy of the City; 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 503/614 (2) The SAP will efficiently use public transportation facilities; (3) Any potentially adverse effects of the development will be mitigated through compliance with the conditions of this SAP; (4) The SAP will efficiently use existing public or civic spaces; (5) The SAP will not negatively impact the environment and natural resources of the City; (6) The SAP will not adversely affect living conditions in the neighborhood; (7) The SAP will not adversely affect public safety; (8) Based on the record presented and evidence presented, the public welfare will be served by the SAP; and (9) Any potentially adverse effects arising from this development not limited to safety and security, fire protection, solid waste, heritage conservation and trees will be mitigated through compliance with the conditions of this SAP. Section 4. The SAP, inclusive of the Regulating Plan Exhibit "C" and Concept Document Exhibit "D", as approved, shall be binding upon the Applicant and any successors in interest. Section 5. The application for this SAP, which was submitted on January 17, 2013 and on file with the Hearing Boards Section of the Planning and Zoning Department, shall be relied upon generally for administrative interpretations and is incorporated by reference. Section 6. The City Manager is directed to instruct the Planning Director to transmit a copy of this Ordinance and attachments to the Applicant upon final approval. Section 7. The Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law are made with respect to the SAP as described herein and in documents incorporated hereto. Section 8. In the event that any portion or section of this Ordinance or the SAP is determined to be invalid, illegal, or unconstitutional by a court or agency of competent jurisdiction, such decision shall in no manner affect the remaining portions of this Ordinance or SAP which shall remain in full force and effect. Section 9. The provisions for this SAP, as approved, shall commence and become operative thirty (30) days after the final adoption of the Ordinance. Section 10. This Ordinance shall become effective immediately upon its final adoption and signature of the Mayor, following any applicable appeal period. {1} Section 11. The Zoning Ordinance is hereby amended by adding "Appendix F: RIVER LANDING SAP" to said Ordinance, as follows: APPENDIX F: "RIVER LANDING SAP" CONDITIONS Based on analyses and findings, the Planning Department recommends approval of the SAP with the following conditions: 1) Meet all applicable building codes, land development regulations, ordinances and other laws and pay all applicable fees due prior to the issuance of any building permit. 2) Allow the Miami Police Department

Ordinance. Section 10. This Ordinance shall become effective immediately upon its final adoption and signature of the Mayor, following any applicable appeal period. {1} Section 11. The Zoning Ordinance is hereby amended by adding "Appendix F: RIVER LANDING SAP" to said Ordinance, as follows: APPENDIX F: "RIVER LANDING SAP" CONDITIONS Based on analyses and findings, the Planning Department recommends approval of the SAP with the following conditions: 1) Meet all applicable building codes, land development regulations, ordinances and other laws and pay all applicable fees due prior to the issuance of any building permit. 2) Allow the Miami Police Department to conduct a security survey, at the Department's discretion, and to make recommendations concerning security measures and systems; further submit a report to the Planning Department, prior to commencement of construction, demonstrating how the Police Department recommendations, if any, have been incorporated into the SAP security and construction plans, or demonstrate to the Planning Director why such recommendations are impractical. 3) Obtain approval from, or provide a letter from the Department of Fire-Rescue indicating applicant's coordination with members of the Fire Plan Review Section at the Department of Fire-Rescue in the review of the scope of the SAP, owner responsibility, building development process and review procedures, as well as specific requirements for fire protection and life safety systems, exiting, vehicular access and water supply. 4) Obtain approval from, or provide a letter of assurance from the Department of Solid Waste that the SAP has addressed all concerns of the said Department prior to the obtaining a shell permit. 5) Comply with the Minority Participation and Employment Plan (including a Contractor/Subcontractor Participation Plan) submitted to the City as part of the Application for Development Approval, with the understanding that the Applicant must use its best efforts to follow the provisions of the City's Minority/Women Business Affairs and Procurement Program as a guide, as applicable. 6) Record the following in the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, prior to the issuance of any building permit: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 504/614 a. Declaration of Covenants and Restrictions providing that the ownership, operation and maintenance of all common areas and facilities will be by the property owner or a mandatory property owner association in perpetuity; and b. Record in the Public Records a Unity of Title or a covenant in lieu of a Unity of Title, if applicable, subject to the review and approval of the Office of the City Attorney. 7) Prior to the issuance of a shell permit, provide the Planning Department with a recorded copy of the documents mentioned in condition (6) above. 8) Provide the Planning Department with a temporary construction plan that includes the following: a. Temporary construction parking plan, with an enforcement policy; b. Construction noise management plan with an enforcement policy; and c. Maintenance plan for the temporary construction site; said plan shall be subject to the review and approval by the Planning Department prior to the issuance of any building permits and shall be enforced

approval of the Office of the City Attorney. 7) Prior to the issuance of a shell permit, provide the Planning Department with a recorded copy of the documents mentioned in condition (6) above. 8) Provide the Planning Department with a temporary construction plan that includes the following: a. Temporary construction parking plan, with an enforcement policy; b. Construction noise management plan with an enforcement policy; and c. Maintenance plan for the temporary construction site; said plan shall be subject to the review and approval by the Planning Department prior to the issuance of any building permits and shall be enforced during construction activity. All construction activity shall remain in full compliance with the provisions of the submitted construction plan; failure to comply may lead to a suspension or revocation of this SAP. 9) Prior to the issuance of any building permit, the applicant shall provide the Planning and Zoning Department for review and approval: a. Environmental Impact Statement and final reports for lots included in SAP site. b. Sufficiency Letter from the City of Miami, Office of Transportation. c. Final determination of Public School Concurrency and Capacity Reservation. d. Conservation Assessment Report (project location is within an high Archeological Probability Zone). e. Revised final set of plans. f. Maintain a minimum sidewalk width of 9' with a 4' clear landscape verge along the western site perimeter of the proposed development. g. Seek approval from corresponding agency/(ies) to revise the 80' right-of-way on NW North River Drive cross section in order to provide a 15' clear sidewalk dimension. h. Pedestrian ingress and egress to ground floor retail shall be achieved through sliding doors when foyers or indentations are not a desired condition. i. Re-platting is required to close and vacate NW 15 Avenue between North River Drive and the Miami River (City Code Section 54-4). 10) The River Landing Special Area Plan includes a Development Review Process which addresses the build out of the project as identified in the Regulating Plan. All development within the SAP area shall be by SAP Permit. 11) If the project is to be developed in phases and/or individual specific projects, the Applicant shall submit an interim plan, including a landscape plan, which addresses design details for the land occupying future phases of this Project in the event that the future phases are not developed, said plan shall include a proposed timetable and shall be subject to review and approval by the Planning Director. 12) The applicant shall meet conditions identified in this Ordinance, with the SAP and all applicable regulations from local, state and federal agencies. 13) Within 90 days of the effective date of this Ordinance, record a certified copy of the Development Agreement specifying that the Development Agreement runs with the land and is binding on the Applicant, its successors, and assigns, jointly or severally. 14) As applicable, River Landing Development LLC., as defined in the approved SAP, shall be responsible for securing the City's approval for any change or modification to the

to review and approval by the Planning Director. 12) The applicant shall meet conditions identified in this Ordinance, with the SAP and all applicable regulations from local, state and federal agencies. 13) Within 90 days of the effective date of this Ordinance, record a certified copy of the Development Agreement specifying that the Development Agreement runs with the land and is binding on the Applicant, its successors, and assigns, jointly or severally. 14) As applicable, River Landing Development LLC., as defined in the approved SAP, shall be responsible for securing the City's approval for any change or modification to the approved temporary construction plan. Request for approval of any change or modification to the previously approved temporary construction plan shall be submitted for review and approval no later than two weeks prior to implementation of requested change or modification. 15) Prior to the issuance of any building permit, the applicant shall provide the Planning and Zoning Department for review and approval: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 505/614 - Sufficiency Letter from the City of Miami, Office of Transportation. - Final determination of Public School Concurrency and Capacity Reservation. - Proof of compliance with conditions established by the following departments or agencies, specifically: - City and County Public Works Departments - Miami-Dade County Water and Sewer - Miami-Dade County Traffic Engineering Division - Florida Department of Transportation (FDOT) 16) The SAP includes a Development Review Process, which addresses the build out of the individual Buildings as identified in the Regulating Plan. All development within this SAP shall be submitted for review and approval by the Planning and Zoning Director prior to the issuance of any building permit consistent with the requirements of Sec. 3.9.1.g of Miami 21 and the SAP. 17) The applicant shall meet conditions identified in this Ordinance, with the SAP and all applicable local, state and federal regulations. 18) Within 90 days of the effective date of this Ordinance, record a certified copy of the Development Agreement specifying that the Development Agreement runs with the land and is binding on the Applicant, its successors, and assigns, jointly or severally. THE CITY OF MIAMI SHALL: Establish the operative date of the Development Agreement as being thirty (30) days from the date of its final adoption; the final adoption date shall constitute the commencement of the thirty (30) day period to appeal the provisions of the Development Agreement. CONCLUSIONS OF LAW: The SAP, as approved, complies with the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan as amended, is consistent with the orderly development and goals of the City of Miami, and complies with local land development regulations pursuant to the Zoning Ordinance Code. The proposed development does not unreasonably interfere with the achievement of the objectives of the adopted State Land Development Plan applicable to the City of Miami. ..Footnote {1} This Ordinance shall become effective as specified herein unless vetoed by the Mayor within ten days from the date it was passed and adopted. If the Mayor vetoes this Ordinance, it shall

LAW: The SAP, as approved, complies with the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan as amended, is consistent with the orderly development and goals of the City of Miami, and complies with local land development regulations pursuant to the Zoning Ordinance Code. The proposed development does not unreasonably interfere with the achievement of the objectives of the adopted State Land Development Plan applicable to the City of Miami. ..Footnote {1} This Ordinance shall become effective as specified herein unless vetoed by the Mayor within ten days from the date it was passed and adopted. If the Mayor vetoes this Ordinance, it shall become effective immediately upon override of the veto by the City Commission or upon the effective date stated herein, whichever is later. To view the River Landing Development Agreement, please visit this Miami-Dade County webpage link for the recorded document. Appendix H - Ransom Everglades Ordinance 14-00056ap (Passed) Special Area Plan - Ransom Everglades AN ORDINANCE OF THE MIAMI CITY COMMISSION, WITH ATTACHMENT(S), APPROVING WITH CONDITIONS, PURSUANT TO ARTICLES 3 AND 7 OF THE MIAMI 21 CODE, THE ZONING ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA, THE REZONING OF CERTAIN PARCELS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF APPROXIMATELY 11.45 ACRES FOR THE "RANSOM EVERGLADES SCHOOL UPPER CAMPUS SPECIAL AREA PLAN" ("SAP"), AN EDUCATIONAL FACILITY, LOCATED AT APPROXIMATELY 3552, 3575, AND 3695 MAIN HIGHWAY; AND 3171, 3173, 3175, AND 3183 ROYAL ROAD, MIAMI, FLORIDA; THE AMENDMENT PROPOSES: A) ADDING APPROXIMATELY 66,040 GROSS SQUARE FEET OF BUILDING AREA SPLIT AMONG THREE (3) NEW BUILDINGS FOR A TOTAL OF 216,451 GROSS SQUARE FEET; B) INCREASING CIVIC SPACE BY 16,338 SQUARE FEET FOR A TOTAL OF 141,662 SQUARE FEET; AND C) INCREASING GREEN SPACE BY 10,043 SQUARE FEET FOR A TOTAL OF 151,502 SQUARE FEET; THE SQUARE FOOTAGES ABOVE ARE 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 506/614 APPROXIMATE AND MAY INCREASE OR DECREASE UP TO TEN PERCENT (10%) PURSUANT TO

ARTICLE 7 ,

SECTION 7 .1.2.5.A.28 OF THE MIAMI 21 CODE; MAKING FINDINGS OF FACT AND STATING CONCLUSIONS OF LAW; PROVIDING FOR BINDING EFFECT; CONTAINING A SEVERABILITY CLAUSE AND PROVIDING FOR AN EFFECTIVE DATE. ..Fiscal Impact LOCATION: Approximately 3552, 3575, and 3695 Main Highway; and 3171, 3173, 3175, and 3183 Royal Road [Commissioner Marc David Sarnoff - District 2] APPLICANT(S): John K. Shubin, Esquire, on behalf of Ransom Everglades School, Inc. FINDING(S): PLANNING AND ZONING DEPARTMENT: Recommended approval with conditions*. PLANNING, ZONING AND APPEALS BOARD: Recommended approval with conditions* to City Commission on March 19, 2014 by a vote of 11-0. HISTORIC AND ENVIRONMENTAL PRESERVATION BOARD: Approved with conditions* a Special Certificate of Appropriateness on April 1, 2014 by a vote of 7-0. *See supporting documentation. PURPOSE: This will allow the development of the Ransom Everglades School Upper Campus project. ..Body WHEREAS, the "Ransom Everglades Upper Campus" is an 11.45ÄÂÂÂÂÂÂ… acres proposal qualifying as a Special Area Plan ("SAP") as per Article 3, Section 3.9 of the Miami 21 Code, generally bound by Main Highway to the Northwest, the property identified as 3551 Main Highway to the Northeast, Biscayne Bay to the Southeast, and Royal Road and the property identified as 3187 Royal Road to the Southwest; and WHEREAS, the above location housing the "Ransom Everglades School Upper Campus" is currently an existing and operating institution for over 100 years; and WHEREAS, the current institution condition needs to improve and update constantly to meet the most advanced levels of education; and WHEREAS, the requested amendment will facilitate the Master Planning of the Upper Campus, providing for the removal and renovation of some existing structures, allowing for the creation of additional green open space, preserving existing tree canopies and historic buildings, promoting the development of innovative LEED certified state of the art classrooms, and promoting a sustainable campus; and WHEREAS, projects such as this are critically important to the quality of education provided to students and residents of the City of Miami ("City"); and WHEREAS, the Miami Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board ("PZAB"), at its meeting on March 19, 2014, following an advertised public hearing, adopted Resolution No. PZAB-R-14-022 by a vote of eleven to zero (11-0), item no. 1, recommending APPROVAL with conditions of the SAP as follows: The applicant needs to identify appropriate parking for the 58 spaces that were removed due to the proposed expansion; and WHEREAS, the City Commission, after careful consideration of this matter deems it advisable and in the best interest of the general welfare of the City and its citizens to amend its Zoning Ordinance as hereinafter set forth; NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Ordinance are adopted by reference and incorporated as fully set forth in this Section. Section 2. The SAP attached hereto, is approved, subject to the conditions specified herein and to the Miami 21 Code, the Zoning Ordinance, for the City of Miami.

careful consideration of this matter deems it advisable and in the best interest of the general welfare of the City and its citizens to amend its Zoning Ordinance as hereinafter set forth; NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Ordinance are adopted by reference and incorporated as fully set forth in this Section. Section 2. The SAP attached hereto, is approved, subject to the conditions specified herein and to the Miami 21 Code, the Zoning Ordinance, for the City of Miami. Section 3. The SAP includes lower ranking SAP Permits as set forth in the Regulating Plan of the SAP. Section 4. The findings of fact set forth below are made with respect to the subject SAP: a. The SAP is consistent with the adopted Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, as amended. b. The City Commission further finds that: (1) The SAP will have a favorable impact on the economy of the City; (2) The SAP will efficiently use public transportation facilities; (3) Any potentially adverse effects of the development will be mitigated through compliance with the conditions of this SAP; 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 507/614 (4) The SAP will efficiently use necessary public facilities; (5) The SAP will not negatively impact the environment and natural resources of the City; (6) The PROJECT will not adversely affect living conditions in the neighborhood; (7) The SAP will not adversely affect public safety; (8) Based on the record presented and evidence presented, the public welfare will be served by the SAP; and (9) Any potentially adverse effects arising from this development not limited to safety and security, fire protection, solid waste, heritage conservation and trees will be mitigated through compliance with the conditions of this SAP. Section 5. The SAP, inclusive of the Concept Book and Regulating Plan, as approved, shall be binding upon the Applicant and any successors in interest. Section 6. The application for SAP, which was submitted on January 21, 2014, and on file with the Hearing Boards Section of the Planning Department, shall be relied upon generally for administrative interpretations and is incorporated by reference. Section 7. The City Manager is directed to instruct the Planning and Zoning Director to transmit a copy of this Ordinance and attachments to the Applicant upon final approval. Section 8. The Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law are made with respect to the SAP as described herein and in documents incorporated hereto. Section 9. The SAP for the Ransom Everglades School Upper Campus is granted and approved. Section 10. In the event that any portion or section of this Ordinance or the SAP is determined to be invalid, illegal, or unconstitutional by a court or agency of competent jurisdiction, such decision shall in no manner affect the remaining portions of this Ordinance or SAP which shall remain in full force and effect. Section 11. This Ordinance shall become effective immediately upon its

Fact and Conclusions of Law are made with respect to the SAP as described herein and in documents incorporated hereto. Section 9. The SAP for the Ransom Everglades School Upper Campus is granted and approved. Section 10. In the event that any portion or section of this Ordinance or the SAP is determined to be invalid, illegal, or unconstitutional by a court or agency of competent jurisdiction, such decision shall in no manner affect the remaining portions of this Ordinance or SAP which shall remain in full force and effect. Section 11. This Ordinance shall become effective immediately upon its final adoption and signature of the Mayor, following any applicable appeal period. Section 12. The Miami 21 Code, the Zoning Ordinance of the City of Miami, Florida, is hereby amended by adding "Appendix F: RANSOM EVERGLADES SCHOOL UPPER CAMPUS - SAP" to said Ordinance, as follows: APPENDIX F: "RANSOM EVERGLADES SCHOOL UPPER CAMPUS - SAP" Exhibit "A": Legal Description Exhibit "C": Ransom Everglades School Upper Campus SAP Concept Book Exhibit "D": Ransom Everglades School Upper Campus SAP Regulating Plan CONDITIONS: Based on analysis and findings, the City Commission aprpoves the "Ransom Everglades School Upper Campus" SAP with the following conditions: 1) Meet all applicable building codes, land development regulations, ordinances and other laws and pay all applicable fees due prior to the issuance of any building permit. 2) Allow the Miami Police Department to conduct a security survey, at the Department's discretion, and to make recommendations concerning security measures and systems; further submit a report to the Planning Department, prior to commencement of construction, demonstrating how the Police Department recommendations, if any, have been incorporated into the SAP security and construction plans, or demonstrate to the Planning and Zoning Director why such recommendations are impractical. 3) Obtain approval from, or provide a letter from, the Department of Fire-Rescue indicating the Applicant's coordination with members of the Fire Plan Review Section at the Department of Fire-Rescue in the review of the scope of the SAP, owner responsibility, building development process and review procedures, as well as specific requirements for fire protection and life safety systems, exiting, vehicular access and water supply. 4) Obtain approval from, or provide a letter of assurance from, the Department of Solid Waste that the SAP has addressed all concerns of the said Department prior to the obtaining a shell permit or building permit, whichever is obtained first. 5) Comply with the Minority Participation and Employment Plan (including a Contractor/Subcontractor Participation Plan) submitted to the City as part of the Application for Development Approval, with the understanding that the Applicant must use its best efforts to follow the provisions of the City's Minority/Women Business Affairs and Procurement Program as a guide, as applicable. 6) Record the following in the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, prior to the issuance of any building permit: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 508/614 ËÂÂÂÂÂÂ‡ Declaration of Covenants and Restrictions providing that the ownership, operation and maintenance of all common areas and

first. 5) Comply with the Minority Participation and Employment Plan (including a Contractor/Subcontractor Participation Plan) submitted to the City as part of the Application for Development Approval, with the understanding that the Applicant must use its best efforts to follow the provisions of the City's Minority/Women Business Affairs and Procurement Program as a guide, as applicable. 6) Record the following in the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, prior to the issuance of any building permit: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 508/614 ËÂÂÂÂÂÂ‡ Declaration of Covenants and Restrictions providing that the ownership, operation and maintenance of all common areas and facilities will be by the property owner or a mandatory property owner association in perpetuity; and ËÂÂÂÂÂÂ‡ Record in the Public Records a Unity of Title or a Covenant in Lieu of a Unity of Title, if applicable, subject to the review and approval of the City Attorney's Office. 7) Prior to the issuance of a shell permit or building permit, whichever is first, provide the Planning Department with a recorded copy of the documents mentioned in condition (6) above. 8) Provide the Planning Department with a temporary construction plan that includes the following: ËÂÂÂÂÂÂ‡ Temporary construction parking plan, with an enforcement policy; ËÂÂÂÂÂÂ‡ Construction noise management plan with an enforcement policy; and ËÂÂÂÂÂÂ‡ Maintenance plan for the temporary construction site. Said plan shall be subject to the review and approval by the Planning Department prior to the issuance of any building permits and shall be enforced during construction activity. All construction activity shall remain in full compliance with the provisions of the submitted construction plan. Failure to comply may lead to a suspension or revocation of this SAP. 9) Prior to the issuance of any building permit, the Applicant shall provide the Planning and Zoning Department for review for compliance and further approval: ËÂÂÂÂÂÂ‡ Economic study report inclusive of fiscal impact (magnitude and time of the investment, FTE average during construction period, current and future employment, recurrent city taxes or exception statement). ËÂÂÂÂÂÂ‡ Environmental Impact Statement for lots included in SAP site, including the coastal part of the bay abutting the site. ËÂÂÂÂÂÂ‡ Sufficiency Letter from the City of Miami Office of Transportation. ËÂÂÂÂÂÂ‡ Conservation Assessment Report (project location is within a high Archeological Probability Zone) ËÂÂÂÂÂÂ‡ A Certificate to Dig, pursuant to Chapter 23 of the City Code, prior to any ground disturbing activities. ËÂÂÂÂÂÂ‡ A tree survey provided by a certified arborist describing size and condition of existing trees along with a tree protection plan, tree disposition plan, and mitigation plan to the City's Chief of Environmental Resources for approval. ËÂÂÂÂÂÂ‡ All design related to the built and natural resources of the site shall assure the continued preservation of The Pagoda, the Paul Ransom Cottage, and the specimen trees, based on the designation report's identification of them as contributing resources. REGULATING PLAN 1. The SAP has to be consistently called Ransom Everglades School Upper Campus - SAP in all related documents. 2. Add "SAP Permit" and "Parapets"

provided by a certified arborist describing size and condition of existing trees along with a tree protection plan, tree disposition plan, and mitigation plan to the City's Chief of Environmental Resources for approval. ËÂÂÂÂÂÂ‡ All design related to the built and natural resources of the site shall assure the continued preservation of The Pagoda, the Paul Ransom Cottage, and the specimen trees, based on the designation report's identification of them as contributing resources. REGULATING PLAN 1. The SAP has to be consistently called Ransom Everglades School Upper Campus - SAP in all related documents. 2. Add "SAP Permit" and "Parapets" in definitions. 3. Change Article 5, Section 5.3.2(g) as follow: Determinations with respect to (1) and (2) in the preceding sentence shall be made an administrative interpretation rendered by the Director by SAP Permit. 4. Clarify the inconsistency between Illustration 5.3 and Article 4, Table 2 in regards to lot coverage. 5. Keep the content of Article 2, Section 2.1.1 Title and Purpose. 6. In Article 2, Section 2.1.2: a. Eliminate the new language "This document precedes the final architectural design and detailing, and infrastructure engineering, and therefore it is expected that adjustments may be necessary during implementation phases of design development and construction documents". b. Modify the new language as follows: The SAP is based on the Miami 21 Zoning Code, as amended through April 20123. c. Keep the language in Article 2, Section 2.1.2 (a) and (b). In general, only include language that is being modified. 7. Modify Article 3, Section 3.6 Single-Family Residential District (l) Schools as follows: a. This Section shall apply only to existing Schools within the NCD-3 Ransom Everglades School Upper Campus - SAP. b. Clarify or redefine "Building Envelope" definition. c. In l.2(a)Minimum Setback, strike out or not include the last sentence relating to small structures less than 400 square feet. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 509/614 Provide revised set of plans addressing the following comments: COORDINATED REVIEW COMMITTEE COMMENTS 1. Provide a clear differentiation between Civic Space (B4.17) and Green Space (B4.16) for the project and incorporate in the B4.7 (zoning data). 2. Mechanical equipment located on a roof shall be enclosed by a pitched roof with a maximum height of twelve (12) feet, instead of parapets in order to reduce the perceived scale of the building. 3. The development is within a High Probability Archeological Conservation area and will require monitoring and a disposition plan should Archeological resources be found. 4. Pursuant to the easement dedication along Main Highway, please work with Miami-Dade County to verify whether the SAP's proposed setback of 45' needs to change to 35'. Please contact Jeff Cohen or Leandro Ona at Miami-Dade County Public Works. 5. The easement dedication will change the base building line (BBL) requiring it to be updated on the survey and all applicable sheets of the development plan. 6. Provide a queue analysis for the proposed drop-off/pick-up locations. 7. Consider providing an existing parking utilization analysis to demonstrate that the reduced availability

and a disposition plan should Archeological resources be found. 4. Pursuant to the easement dedication along Main Highway, please work with Miami-Dade County to verify whether the SAP's proposed setback of 45' needs to change to 35'. Please contact Jeff Cohen or Leandro Ona at Miami-Dade County Public Works. 5. The easement dedication will change the base building line (BBL) requiring it to be updated on the survey and all applicable sheets of the development plan. 6. Provide a queue analysis for the proposed drop-off/pick-up locations. 7. Consider providing an existing parking utilization analysis to demonstrate that the reduced availability would not result in increased drop-off/pick-up traffic. 8. Provide a detailed operational plan for drop-off/pick-up to include the proposed access on Royal Road. 9. Parking Zone H shall be restricted to surface or subterranean parking. If, in the future, a vertical parking component (above grade parking) is required, it shall require review and approval by the Planning and Zoning Department with review and recommendation from Urban Development Review Board (UDRB). 10. Provide a Unity of Title or Covenant in Lieu of Unity of Title for the properties involved. 11. Provide a map indicating elevation of site for FEMA requirements. Address flood zones. 12. Provide Microfilm for all existing buildings to remain. 13. Tree removal permit required (tree mitigation) if trees will be removed or relocated. 14. Any demolition requires a waiver per NCD-3 regulations. 15. Sheet B4.7 Site Zoning Summary: a. Revise lot coverage summary. Existing lot coverage of 19.8% should have a total of 98,760 sq.ft. Proposed development of 21.9% should be 109,235 sq.ft. b. Breakdown the parking required. How many students are enrolled in the school? How many 11th and 12th grade students are enrolled in the school? c. Revise the entire proposed development calculation for civic space, green space, pervious space, submerged areas and impervious paving, by including the required zoning submerged areas and impervious paving calculations. d. Note 4) should state that it will not exceed a specific height. Additional comments may be provided upon review of a detailed re-submittal. The City of Miami reserves the right to comment further on the project as details and/or explanations are provided and may revise previous comments based on additional information provided. 10) The Ransom Everglades School Upper Campus SAP includes a Development Review Process which addresses the build out of the individual projects as identified in the Regulating Plan. 11) If the project is to be developed in phases and/or individual specific projects, the Applicant shall submit an interim plan, including a landscape plan, which addresses design details for the land occupying future phases of this Project in the event that the future phases are not developed. Said plan shall include a proposed timetable and shall be subject to review and approval by the Planning and Zoning Director. 12) The applicant shall meet conditions identified in this Ordinance, with the Ransom Everglades School Upper Campus SAP and all applicable regulations from local, state and federal agencies. 13) Within

Plan. 11) If the project is to be developed in phases and/or individual specific projects, the Applicant shall submit an interim plan, including a landscape plan, which addresses design details for the land occupying future phases of this Project in the event that the future phases are not developed. Said plan shall include a proposed timetable and shall be subject to review and approval by the Planning and Zoning Director. 12) The applicant shall meet conditions identified in this Ordinance, with the Ransom Everglades School Upper Campus SAP and all applicable regulations from local, state and federal agencies. 13) Within 90 days of the effective date of this Ordinance, record a certified copy of the Development Agreement specifying that the Development Agreement runs with the land and is binding on the Applicant, its successors, and assigns, jointly or severally. THE CITY OF MIAMI SHALL: Establish the operative date of the associated Development Agreement as being thirty (30) days from the date of its final adoption. The final adoption date shall constitute the commencement of the thirty (30) day period to appeal the provisions of the Development Agreement. CONCLUSIONS OF LAW: The Ransom Everglades School Upper Campus SAP, as approved, complies with the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan as amended, is consistent with the orderly development and goals of the City of Miami, and complies with local land development regulations pursuant to the Miami 21 Code. The proposed development does not unreasonably interfere with the achievement of the objectives of the adopted State Land Development Plan applicable to the City of Miami. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 510/614 ..Footnote {1} This Ordinance shall become effective as specified herein unless vetoed by the Mayor within ten days from the date it was passed and adopted. If the Mayor vetoes this Ordinance, it shall become effective immediately upon override of the veto by the City Commission or upon the effective date stated herein, whichever is later. To view the Ransom Everglades Development Agreement, please visit this Miami-Dade County webpage link for the recorded document. Appendix I - Miami River Ordinance 15-00624ap (Passed) Miami River SAP AN ORDINANCE OF THE MIAMI CITY COMMISSION, WITH ATTACHMENT(S), APPROVING WITH CONDITIONS, AS AMENDED IN THE DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE CITY OF MIAMI ("CITY") AND CG MIAMI RIVER OWNER, LLC., PURSUANT TO ARTICLES 3 AND 7 OF THE MIAMI 21 CODE, THE ZONING ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA, AS AMENDED, THE REZONING OF CERTAIN PARCELS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF APPROXIMATELY 10.2 ACRES (444,696 SQUARE FEET) INCLUSIVE OF CITY OWNED LAND, FOR THE MIAMI RIVER SPECIAL AREA PLAN ("MIAMI RIVER SAP"), A MIXED USE DEVELOPMENT APPROXIMATELY LOCATED WITHIN THE BOUNDARIES OF THE MIAMI RIVER TO THE NORTH, SOUTHWEST 7 STREET TO THE SOUTH, SOUTHWEST 2 AVENUE TO THE EAST, SOUTHWEST 3 AVENUE TO THE WEST, AND THE EASTERN PORTION OF JOSE MARTI PARK, EXTENDING NORTHWEST OF THE MIAMI RIVER AND TERMINATING AT SOUTHWEST 2 STREET, MIAMI, FLORIDA, AS DESCRIBED IN EXHIBIT "A", ATTACHED AND INCORPORATED; THE MIAMI RIVER

FLORIDA, AS AMENDED, THE REZONING OF CERTAIN PARCELS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF APPROXIMATELY 10.2 ACRES (444,696 SQUARE FEET) INCLUSIVE OF CITY OWNED LAND, FOR THE MIAMI RIVER SPECIAL AREA PLAN ("MIAMI RIVER SAP"), A MIXED USE DEVELOPMENT APPROXIMATELY LOCATED WITHIN THE BOUNDARIES OF THE MIAMI RIVER TO THE NORTH, SOUTHWEST 7 STREET TO THE SOUTH, SOUTHWEST 2 AVENUE TO THE EAST, SOUTHWEST 3 AVENUE TO THE WEST, AND THE EASTERN PORTION OF JOSE MARTI PARK, EXTENDING NORTHWEST OF THE MIAMI RIVER AND TERMINATING AT SOUTHWEST 2 STREET, MIAMI, FLORIDA, AS DESCRIBED IN EXHIBIT "A", ATTACHED AND INCORPORATED; THE MIAMI RIVER SAP CONSISTS OF A PHASED PROJECT DIVIDED INTO FIVE (5) PARTS WHICH INCLUDES APPROXIMATELY 4,181,087 SQUARE FEET OF DEVELOPMENT CONSISTING OF THE FOLLOWING: A) APPROXIMATELY 1,678 RESIDENTIAL UNITS; B) APPROXIMATELY 330 LODGING UNITS; C) APPROXIMATELY 66,541 SQUARE FEET OF OFFICE SPACE; D) APPROXIMATELY 176,350 SQUARE FEET OF COMMERCIAL USES; E) APPROXIMATELY 2,376 PARKING SPACES; F) APPROXIMATELY 17 BOAT SLIPS; G) A MINIMUM OF 35,964 SQUARE FEET OF CIVIC SPACE; AND H) A MINIMUM OF 15,175 SQUARE FEET OF OPEN SPACE; THE MIAMI RIVER SAP WILL MODIFY THE TRANSECT ZONE REGULATIONS THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO THE SUBJECT PARCELS, WHERE A SECTION IS NOT SPECIFICALLY MODIFIED, THE REGULATION AND RESTRICTION OF THE MIAMI 21 CODE APPLY; THE NUMBERS OF FEET STATED ABOVE ARE APPROXIMATE AND MAY INCREASE OR DECREASE BY NOT MORE THAN FIVE PERCENT (5%) AT THE TIME OF THE BUILDING PERMIT BUT SHALL NOT EXCEED 4,181,087 SQUARE FEET OF THE DEVELOPMENT; FURTHER AUTHORIZING THE CITY MANAGER TO RELEASE THE FOLLOWING TWO COVENANTS ON THE PROPERTY WHICH ARE NO LONGER NEEDED: COVENANT RECORDED AT OFFICIAL RECORD BOOK ("ORB") 24997 PAGE 2543, AND AT ORB 24194 PAGE 1806, RESPECTIVELY, IN THE PUBLIC RECORDS OF MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA; MAKING FINDINGS OF FACT AND STATING CONCLUSIONS OF LAW; PROVIDING FOR BINDING EFFECT; CONTAINING A SEVERABILITY CLAUSE; AND PROVIDING FOR AN EFFECTIVE DATE. ..Fiscal Impact LOCATION: Approximately located within the boundaries of the Miami River to the north, Southwest 7 Street to the south, Southwest 2 Avenue to the east, Southwest 3 Avenue to the west, and the eastern portion of Jose Marti Park, extending Northwest of the Miami River and terminating at Southwest 2 Street, Miami, Florida [Commissioner Frank Carollo - District 3] APPLICANT(S): Melissa Tapanes Llahues, Esq. on behalf of CG Miami River LLC. Daniel J. Alfonso, City Manager, on behalf of the City of Miami, as co-applicant. FINDING(S): PLANNING AND ZONING DEPARTMENT: Recommended approval with conditions. See supporting documentation. See companion File ID 15-00624da and File ID 15-00354ct. PLANNING, ZONING AND APPEALS BOARD: Recommended approval, with conditions, on June 3, 2015, by a 10-1 vote. PURPOSE: This will allow the area to be Master Planned to allow a greater integration of public improvements and infrastructure and greater flexibility as part 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 511/614 of the "Miami River Special Area Plan (SAP)." ..Body WHEREAS, the Miami River Special Area Plan ("Miami River SAP") consists of approximately 10.2 acres of selected

City of Miami, as co-applicant. FINDING(S): PLANNING AND ZONING DEPARTMENT: Recommended approval with conditions. See supporting documentation. See companion File ID 15-00624da and File ID 15-00354ct. PLANNING, ZONING AND APPEALS BOARD: Recommended approval, with conditions, on June 3, 2015, by a 10-1 vote. PURPOSE: This will allow the area to be Master Planned to allow a greater integration of public improvements and infrastructure and greater flexibility as part 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 511/614 of the "Miami River Special Area Plan (SAP)." ..Body WHEREAS, the Miami River Special Area Plan ("Miami River SAP") consists of approximately 10.2 acres of selected parcels, as described in Exhibit "A", attached and incorporated, qualifying as a Special Area Plan ("SAP") as per Article 3, Section 3.9 of the Miami 21 Code, the Zoning Ordinance of the City of Miami ("Miami 21 Code"); and WHEREAS, the aforementioned location for the proposed Miami River SAP currently contains underutilized buildings and vacant lots, and the entire development will consist of approximately 4,181,087 square feet of development with A) approximately 1,678 residential units; B) approximately 330 lodging units; C) approximately 66,541 square feet of office space; D) approximately 176,350 square feet of commercial uses; E) approximately 2,376 parking spaces; F) approximately 17 boat slips; G) a minimum of 35,964 square feet of civic space; and H) a minimum of 15,175 square feet of open space; and WHEREAS, the proposed Miami River SAP will facilitate the redevelopment and benefit the area by creating residential units, hotel rooms, and commercial uses as well as civic and open space for the enjoyment of the general public; and WHEREAS, the requested Miami River SAP will integrate public improvements and infrastructure while providing greater flexibility resulting in a higher quality of specialized building and streetscape design; and WHEREAS, projects such as this are critically important to the economic revitalization and enhancement of the City of Miami ("City"), in general, and specifically the downtown and Little Havana Miami River area; and WHEREAS, the Miami River SAP will create certain recurring and non-recurring financial benefits as well as temporary and permanent jobs; and WHEREAS, the Miami Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board ("PZAB"), at its meeting on June 3, 2015, following an advertised public hearing, adopted Resolution No. 15-032 by a vote of ten to one (10-1), Item No. PZAB. 6, recommending APPROVAL of the Miami River SAP; and WHEREAS, on November 19, 2015, the City Commission approved the Development Agreement with the conditions set forth in the Public Benefits Clause, as amended at the public hearing; and WHEREAS, the City Commission after careful consideration of the matter deems it advisable and in the best interest of the general welfare of the City and its citizens to amend the Miami 21 Code as hereinafter set forth; NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Ordinance are hereby adopted by reference thereto and incorporated herein as if fully set

Commission approved the Development Agreement with the conditions set forth in the Public Benefits Clause, as amended at the public hearing; and WHEREAS, the City Commission after careful consideration of the matter deems it advisable and in the best interest of the general welfare of the City and its citizens to amend the Miami 21 Code as hereinafter set forth; NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Ordinance are hereby adopted by reference thereto and incorporated herein as if fully set forth in this Section. Section 2. The Miami River SAP, attached hereto, is approved subject to the conditions specified herein, and as amended in the Development Agreement between the City and CG Miami River Owner, LLC. Section 3. The Miami River SAP includes lower ranking SAP Permits as set forth in the Regulating Plan of the SAP, attached hereto as "Exhibit B", which shall be reviewed for approval by the Department of Planning and Zoning. Section 4. The findings of fact set forth below are made with respect to the subject Miami River SAP: a. The Miami River SAP is consistent with the adopted Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, as amended; b. The City Commission further finds that: (1) The Miami River SAP will have a favorable impact on the economy of the City; (2) The Miami River SAP will efficiently use public transportation facilities; (3) Any potentially adverse effects of the development will be mitigated through compliance with the conditions of this Miami River SAP; (4) The Miami River SAP will efficiently use existing public or civic spaces; (5) The Miami River SAP will not negatively impact the environment and natural resources of the City; (6) The Miami River SAP will not adversely affect living conditions in the neighborhood; (7) The Miami River SAP will not adversely affect public safety; (8) Based on the record presented and evidence presented, the public welfare will be served by the Miami River SAP; and (9) Any potentially adverse effects arising from this development not limited to safety and security, fire protection, solid waste, heritage conservation and trees 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 512/614 will be mitigated through compliance with the conditions of this Miami River SAP. Section 5. The Miami River SAP, inclusive of the Regulating Plan Exhibit "B", Concept Document Exhibit "C", and Executive Summary Exhibit "D", as approved, shall be binding upon the Applicant and any successors in interest. Section 6. The application for the Miami River SAP, which was submitted on April 28, 2015, and on file with the Hearing Boards Section of the Department of Planning and Zoning, shall be relied upon generally for administrative interpretations and is incorporated by reference. Section 7. The City Manager is directed to instruct the Director of Planning and Zoning to transmit a copy of this Ordinance and attachments to the Applicant upon final approval. Section 8. The Findings of Fact and Conclusions

and Executive Summary Exhibit "D", as approved, shall be binding upon the Applicant and any successors in interest. Section 6. The application for the Miami River SAP, which was submitted on April 28, 2015, and on file with the Hearing Boards Section of the Department of Planning and Zoning, shall be relied upon generally for administrative interpretations and is incorporated by reference. Section 7. The City Manager is directed to instruct the Director of Planning and Zoning to transmit a copy of this Ordinance and attachments to the Applicant upon final approval. Section 8. The Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law are made with respect to the Miami River SAP as described herein and in documents incorporated hereto. Section 9. The Miami River SAP is granted and approved. Section 10. In the event that any portion or section of this Ordinance or the Miami River SAP is determined to be invalid, illegal, or unconstitutional by a court or agency of competent jurisdiction, such decision shall in no manner affect the remaining portions of this Ordinance or Miami River SAP which shall remain in full force and effect. Section 11. The provisions for this Miami River SAP, as approved, shall commence and become operative thirty (30) days after the final adoption of the Ordinance. Section 12. The City Manager is hereby authorized to release the following two covenants on the property which are no longer needed: the covenant recorded at Official Record Book ("ORB") 24997 Page 2543, and at ORB 24194 Page 1806, respectively, in the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida. Section 13. This Ordinance shall become effective immediately upon its final adoption and signature of the Mayor, following any applicable appeal period. CONDITIONS Based on analysis and findings, the Department of Planning and Zoning recommends approval of the Miami River SAP with the following conditions which are adopted by the City Commission: 1) Comply with all applicable building codes, land development regulations, ordinances, and other laws and pay all applicable fees due prior to the issuance of any building permit. 2) Allow the Miami Police Department to conduct a security survey, at the Department's discretion, and to make recommendations concerning security measures and systems. Further submit a report to the Department of Planning and Zoning, prior to commencement of construction, demonstrating how the Police Department recommendations, if any, have been incorporated into the Miami River SAP security and construction plans, or demonstrate to the Director of Planning and Zoning why such recommendations are impractical. 3) Obtain approval from, or provide a letter from, the Department of Fire-Rescue indicating Applicant's coordination with members of the Fire Plan Review Section at the Department of Fire-Rescue in the review of the scope of the Miami River SAP, owner responsibility, building development process and review procedures, as well as specific requirements for fire protection and life safety systems, exiting, vehicular access and water supply. 4) Obtain approval from, or provide a letter of assurance from, the Department of Solid Waste that the

construction plans, or demonstrate to the Director of Planning and Zoning why such recommendations are impractical. 3) Obtain approval from, or provide a letter from, the Department of Fire-Rescue indicating Applicant's coordination with members of the Fire Plan Review Section at the Department of Fire-Rescue in the review of the scope of the Miami River SAP, owner responsibility, building development process and review procedures, as well as specific requirements for fire protection and life safety systems, exiting, vehicular access and water supply. 4) Obtain approval from, or provide a letter of assurance from, the Department of Solid Waste that the Miami River SAP has addressed all concerns of said Department prior to obtaining a building permit. 5) Comply with the Minority Participation and Employment Plan (including a Contractor/Subcontractor Participation Plan) submitted to the City as part of the Application for Development Approval, with the understanding that the Applicant must use its best efforts to follow the provisions of the City's Community Small Business Enterprises ("CSBE") and Procurement Program as a guide, as applicable. 6) Record the following in the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, prior to the issuance of any building permit: a. Declaration of Covenants and Restrictions providing that the ownership, operation, and maintenance of all common areas and facilities will be by the property owner or a mandatory property owner association in perpetuity; and b. Record in the Public Records a Unity of Title or a Covenant in Lieu of a Unity of Title, if applicable, subject to the review and approval of the Department of Planning and Zoning and the City Attorney's Office. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 513/614 7) Prior to the issuance of any building permit, provide the Department of Planning and Zoning with a recorded copy of the documents mentioned in condition (6) above. 8) Provide the Department of Planning and Zoning with a temporary construction plan that address construction phasing and includes the following elements: a. Temporary construction parking plan, with an enforcement policy; b. Construction noise management plan with an enforcement policy; and c. Maintenance plan for the temporary construction site. Said plan shall be subject to the review and approval by the Department of Planning and Zoning prior to the issuance of any building permits and shall be enforced during construction activity. All construction activity shall remain in full compliance with the provisions of the submitted construction plan. Failure to comply may lead to a suspension or revocation of this Miami River SAP. As applicable, the developer of the approved Miami River SAP shall be responsible for securing the City's approval for any change or modification to the approved temporary construction plan. Request for approval of any change or modification to the previously approved temporary construction plan shall be submitted for review and approved no later than two (2) weeks prior to the implementation of such a requested change or modification. 9) Prior to the issuance of any building permit for the Miami River SAP, the Applicant for the Miami

comply may lead to a suspension or revocation of this Miami River SAP. As applicable, the developer of the approved Miami River SAP shall be responsible for securing the City's approval for any change or modification to the approved temporary construction plan. Request for approval of any change or modification to the previously approved temporary construction plan shall be submitted for review and approved no later than two (2) weeks prior to the implementation of such a requested change or modification. 9) Prior to the issuance of any building permit for the Miami River SAP, the Applicant for the Miami River SAP shall provide the Department of Planning and Zoning for review for compliance and further approval: a. Sufficiency Letter from the City's Office of Transportation; b. Final determination of Public School Concurrency and Capacity Reservation; c. Conservation Assessment Report as portions of the project are located within a High Archeological Probability Zone; and d. Proof of compliance with conditions established by the following departments or agencies, specifically: i. City and Miami-Dade County Public Works Departments; ii. Miami-Dade County Water and Sewer Department; iii. Miami-Dade County Traffic Engineering Division; iv. Florida Department of Transportation. 10) The Miami River SAP includes a Development Review Process which address the build out of the individual Buildings as identified in the Regulating Plan. All development within the Miami River SAP shall be submitted for the review and approval by the Director of Planning prior to the issuance of any building permit consistent with the requirements of Article 3, Section 3.9.1(g) of the Miami 21 Code and the Miami River SAP. 11) Within (90) days of the effective date of this Ordinance, record a certified copy of the Development Agreement specifying that the Development Agreement runs with the land and is binding on the Applicant, its successors, and assigns, jointly or severally. 12) The Applicant shall comply with the conditions identified in the Miami 21 Code, the Miami River SAP, and all applicable local, state and federal regulations. THE CITY OF MIAMI SHALL Establish the operative date of the associated Development Agreement as being thirty (30) days from the date of the final adoption of the Development Agreement. The final adoption date of the Development Agreement shall constitute the commencement of the thirty (30) day period to appeal the provisions of the Development Agreement. CONCLUSIONS OF LAW The Miami River SAP, as approved, complies with the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan as amended, is consistent with the orderly development and goals of the City, and complies with local land development regulations pursuant to the Miami 21 Code. ..Footnote {1} This Ordinance shall become effective as specified herein unless vetoed by the Mayor within ten (10) days from the date it was passed and adopted. If the Mayor vetoes this Ordinance, it shall become effective immediately upon override of the veto by the City Commission or upon the effective date stated herein, whichever is later. Comprehensive Plan Change 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 514/614 Ordinance 15-00354ct (Passed)

the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan as amended, is consistent with the orderly development and goals of the City, and complies with local land development regulations pursuant to the Miami 21 Code. ..Footnote {1} This Ordinance shall become effective as specified herein unless vetoed by the Mayor within ten (10) days from the date it was passed and adopted. If the Mayor vetoes this Ordinance, it shall become effective immediately upon override of the veto by the City Commission or upon the effective date stated herein, whichever is later. Comprehensive Plan Change 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 514/614 Ordinance 15-00354ct (Passed) Comprehensive Plan Change - Miami River Residential Density Increase Area AN ORDINANCE OF THE MIAMI CITY COMMISSION, WITH ATTACHMENT(S), APPROVING A DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT, PURSUANT TO CHAPTER 163, FLORIDA STATUTES, BETWEEN CG MIAMI RIVER LLC, APPLICANT ENTITY AND THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA, RELATING TO THE REZONING OF CERTAIN PARCELS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF APPROXIMATELY 10.2 ACRES FOR THE MIAMI RIVER SPECIAL AREA PLAN ("MIAMI RIVER SAP"), A MIXED USE DEVELOPMENT, LOCATED WITHIN THE BOUNDARIES OF THE MIAMI RIVER TO THE NORTH, SOUTHWEST 7 STREET TO THE SOUTH, SOUTHWEST 2 AVENUE TO THE EAST, SOUTHWEST 3 AVENUE TO THE WEST, AND THE EASTERN PORTION OF JOSE MARTI PARK, EXTENDING NORTHWEST OF THE MIAMI RIVER AND TERMINATING AT SOUTHWEST 2 STREET, MIAMI, FLORIDA; AS DESCRIBED IN EXHIBIT "A", ATTACHED AND INCORPORATED; THE MIAMI RIVER SAP CONSISTS OF A DENSITY INCREASE AREA FROM 200 TO 400 DWELLING UNITS PER ACRE; FOUR (4) TOWERS BETWEEN 58 AND 60 STORIES, APPROXIMATELY 4,181,087 SQUARE FEET OF DEVELOPMENT CONSISTING OF THE FOLLOWING: A) APPROXIMATELY 1,678 RESIDENTIAL UNITS; B) APPROXIMATELY 330 LODGING UNITS; C) APPROXIMATELY 66,541 SQUARE FEET OF OFFICE SPACE; D) APPROXIMATELY 176,350 SQUARE FEET OF COMMERCIAL USES; E) APPROXIMATELY 2,376 PARKING SPACES; F) APPROXIMATELY 17 BOAT SLIPS; G) A MINIMUM OF 35,964 SQUARE FEET OF CIVIC SPACE; AND H) A MINIMUM OF 15,175 SQUARE FEET OF OPEN SPACE; AUTHORIZING THE FOLLOWING USES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO: RESIDENTIAL, COMMERCIAL, LODGING, CIVIC, AND ANY OTHER USES AUTHORIZED BY THE MIAMI RIVER SAP, AND PERMITTED BY THE MIAMI COMPREHENSIVE NEIGHBORHOOD PLAN, AND THE MIAMI 21 CODE, THE ZONING ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF MIAMI; AUTHORIZING THE CITY MANAGER TO EXECUTE A DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT, IN SUBSTANTIALLY THE ATTACHED FORM, FOR SAID PURPOSE; CONTAINING A SEVERABILITY CLAUSE AND PROVIDING FOR AN EFFECTIVE DATE. ..Fiscal Impact LOCATION: Approximately within the boundaries of the Miami River to the north, Southwest 7 Street to the south, Southwest 2 Avenue to the east, Southwest 3 Avenue to the west, and the eastern portion of Jose Marti park, extending Northwest of the Miami River and terminating at Southwest 2 Street [Commissioner Frank Carollo - District 3] APPLICANT(S): Melissa Tapanes Llahues, Esq. on behalf of CG Miami River, LLC FINDING(S): PLANNING AND ZONING DEPARTMENT: Recommended approval. PURPOSE: This will authorize the City Manager to enter into a development agreement for the "Miami River" SAP. ..Body WHEREAS, CG Miami River LLC ("Applicant") holds fee simple title to

of the Miami River to the north, Southwest 7 Street to the south, Southwest 2 Avenue to the east, Southwest 3 Avenue to the west, and the eastern portion of Jose Marti park, extending Northwest of the Miami River and terminating at Southwest 2 Street [Commissioner Frank Carollo - District 3] APPLICANT(S): Melissa Tapanes Llahues, Esq. on behalf of CG Miami River, LLC FINDING(S): PLANNING AND ZONING DEPARTMENT: Recommended approval. PURPOSE: This will authorize the City Manager to enter into a development agreement for the "Miami River" SAP. ..Body WHEREAS, CG Miami River LLC ("Applicant") holds fee simple title to approximately 6.2 + acres of property on the south bank of the Miami River as legally described in "Exhibit A," and the City of Miami ("City") owns the adjacent Jose Marti Park of which a portion of the park, approximately four (4) acres, is included within the Miami River Special Area Plan ("Miami River SAP"); and WHEREAS, the Miami River SAP is comprised of approximately 10.2 ± acres of selected parcels, as described in Exhibit "A" qualifying as a Special Area Plan as per Article 3, Section 3.9 of the Miami 21 Code, the Zoning Ordinance of the City of Miami ("Miami 21 Code"); and WHEREAS, Section 3.9 of the Miami 21 Code authorizes the assembly and master planning of parcels greater than nine (9) abutting acres in size; and WHEREAS, the aforementioned location for the proposed Miami River SAP currently contains underutilized buildings and vacant lots, and it consists of a density increase area from 200 to 400 dwelling units per acre developed in five (5) phases consisting of four (4) mixed use towers between 58 and 60 stories in height, approximately 4,181,087 square feet of development, consisting of the following A) approximately 1,678 residential units; B) approximately 330 lodging units; C) approximately 66,541 square feet of office space; D) approximately 176,350 square feet of commercial uses; E) approximately 2,376 parking spaces; F) approximately 17 boat slips; G) a minimum of 35,964 square feet of civic space; and H) a minimum of 15,175 square feet of open space; and WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 3.9.1.f of the Miami 21 Code, development within a Special Area Plan shall be pursuant to a recorded development agreement; and WHEREAS, Applicant has submitted an application for approval of the Development Agreement pursuant to Chapter 163 of the Florida Statutes; and WHEREAS, the City and Applicant wish for the development of the project to proceed substantially in accordance with the Regulating Plan and Design Guidelines, as attached hereto, as may be amended from time to time; and 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 515/614 WHEREAS, the City and Applicant wish for the development of the project to conform with the requirements of the Comprehensive Plan; and WHEREAS, the project is located between East Little Havana to the west, Brickell to the east and Downtown Miami to the north; and WHEREAS, the lack of certainty in the approval of development can result in a waste of economic

Applicant wish for the development of the project to proceed substantially in accordance with the Regulating Plan and Design Guidelines, as attached hereto, as may be amended from time to time; and 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 515/614 WHEREAS, the City and Applicant wish for the development of the project to conform with the requirements of the Comprehensive Plan; and WHEREAS, the project is located between East Little Havana to the west, Brickell to the east and Downtown Miami to the north; and WHEREAS, the lack of certainty in the approval of development can result in a waste of economic and land resources, discourage sound capital improvement planning and financing, escalate the cost of housing and development, and discourage commitment to comprehensive planning; and WHEREAS, assurance to the developer that it may proceed in accordance with existing laws and policies, subject to the conditions of a development agreement, strengthens the public planning process; NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED, BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Ordinance are adopted by reference and incorporated as if fully set forth in this Section. Section 2. The Development Agreement, pursuant to Chapter 163 of the Florida Statutes, between Applicant and the City, relating to development of the approximately 10.2 acres, is hereby approved. Section 3. The Development Agreement is applicable only to property owned by Applicant and for the portion thereof of public improvements within and adjacent to Jose Marti Park, subject to the development parameters set forth therein. Section 4. The City Manager is authorized {1} to execute the Development Agreement, in substantially the attached form, for said purpose. Section 5. If any section, part of a section, paragraph, clause, phrase or word of this Ordinance is declared invalid, the remaining provisions of this Ordinance shall not be affected. Section 6. This Ordinance shall become effective immediately upon its adoption and signature of the Mayor. {2} ..Footnote {1} The herein authorization is further subject to compliance with all requirements that may be imposed by the City Attorney, including but not limited to those prescribed by applicable City Charter and Code provisions. {2} This Ordinance shall become effective as specified herein unless vetoes by the Mayor within ten (10) days of the date it was passed and adopted. If the Mayor vetoes this Ordinance, it shall become effective immediately upon override of the veto by the City Commission or upon the effective date stated herein, whichever is later. Development Agreement Ordinance 15-00624da (Passed) Development Agreement - Miami River SAP AN ORDINANCE OF THE MIAMI CITY COMMISSION, WITH ATTACHMENT(S), APPROVING A DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT, PURSUANT TO CHAPTER 163, FLORIDA STATUTES, BETWEEN CG MIAMI RIVER LLC, APPLICANT ENTITY AND THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA, RELATING TO THE REZONING OF CERTAIN PARCELS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF APPROXIMATELY 10.2 ACRES FOR THE MIAMI RIVER SPECIAL AREA PLAN ("MIAMI RIVER SAP"), A MIXED USE DEVELOPMENT, LOCATED WITHIN THE BOUNDARIES OF THE MIAMI RIVER TO THE NORTH,

override of the veto by the City Commission or upon the effective date stated herein, whichever is later. Development Agreement Ordinance 15-00624da (Passed) Development Agreement - Miami River SAP AN ORDINANCE OF THE MIAMI CITY COMMISSION, WITH ATTACHMENT(S), APPROVING A DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT, PURSUANT TO CHAPTER 163, FLORIDA STATUTES, BETWEEN CG MIAMI RIVER LLC, APPLICANT ENTITY AND THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA, RELATING TO THE REZONING OF CERTAIN PARCELS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF APPROXIMATELY 10.2 ACRES FOR THE MIAMI RIVER SPECIAL AREA PLAN ("MIAMI RIVER SAP"), A MIXED USE DEVELOPMENT, LOCATED WITHIN THE BOUNDARIES OF THE MIAMI RIVER TO THE NORTH, SOUTHWEST 7 STREET TO THE SOUTH, SOUTHWEST 2 AVENUE TO THE EAST, SOUTHWEST 3 AVENUE TO THE WEST, AND THE EASTERN PORTION OF JOSE MARTI PARK, EXTENDING NORTHWEST OF THE MIAMI RIVER AND TERMINATING AT SOUTHWEST 2 STREET, MIAMI, FLORIDA; AS DESCRIBED IN EXHIBIT "A", ATTACHED AND INCORPORATED; THE MIAMI RIVER SAP CONSISTS OF A DENSITY INCREASE AREA FROM 200 TO 400 DWELLING UNITS PER ACRE; FOUR (4) TOWERS BETWEEN 58 AND 60 STORIES, APPROXIMATELY 4,181,087 SQUARE FEET OF DEVELOPMENT CONSISTING OF THE FOLLOWING: A) APPROXIMATELY 1,678 RESIDENTIAL UNITS; B) APPROXIMATELY 330 LODGING UNITS; C) APPROXIMATELY 66,541 SQUARE FEET OF OFFICE SPACE; D) APPROXIMATELY 176,350 SQUARE FEET OF COMMERCIAL USES; E) APPROXIMATELY 2,376 PARKING SPACES; F) APPROXIMATELY 17 BOAT SLIPS; G) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 516/614 A MINIMUM OF 35,964 SQUARE FEET OF CIVIC SPACE; AND H) A MINIMUM OF 15,175 SQUARE FEET OF OPEN SPACE; AUTHORIZING THE FOLLOWING USES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO: RESIDENTIAL, COMMERCIAL, LODGING, CIVIC, AND ANY OTHER USES AUTHORIZED BY THE MIAMI RIVER SAP, AND PERMITTED BY THE MIAMI COMPREHENSIVE NEIGHBORHOOD PLAN, AND THE MIAMI 21 CODE, THE ZONING ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF MIAMI; AUTHORIZING THE CITY MANAGER TO EXECUTE A DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT, IN SUBSTANTIALLY THE ATTACHED FORM, FOR SAID PURPOSE; CONTAINING A SEVERABILITY CLAUSE AND PROVIDING FOR AN EFFECTIVE DATE. ..Fiscal Impact LOCATION: Approximately within the boundaries of the Miami River to the north, Southwest 7 Street to the south, Southwest 2 Avenue to the east, Southwest 3 Avenue to the west, and the eastern portion of Jose Marti park, extending Northwest of the Miami River and terminating at Southwest 2 Street [Commissioner Frank Carollo - District 3] APPLICANT(S): Melissa Tapanes Llahues, Esq. on behalf of CG Miami River, LLC FINDING(S): PLANNING AND ZONING DEPARTMENT: Recommended approval. PURPOSE: This will authorize the City Manager to enter into a development agreement for the "Miami River" SAP. ..Body WHEREAS, CG Miami River LLC ("Applicant") holds fee simple title to approximately 6.2 + acres of property on the south bank of the Miami River as legally described in "Exhibit A," and the City of Miami ("City") owns the adjacent Jose Marti Park of which a portion of the park, approximately four (4) acres, is included within the Miami River Special Area Plan ("Miami River SAP"); and WHEREAS, the Miami River SAP is comprised of approximately 10.2 ± acres of selected parcels, as described in Exhibit

City Manager to enter into a development agreement for the "Miami River" SAP. ..Body WHEREAS, CG Miami River LLC ("Applicant") holds fee simple title to approximately 6.2 + acres of property on the south bank of the Miami River as legally described in "Exhibit A," and the City of Miami ("City") owns the adjacent Jose Marti Park of which a portion of the park, approximately four (4) acres, is included within the Miami River Special Area Plan ("Miami River SAP"); and WHEREAS, the Miami River SAP is comprised of approximately 10.2 ± acres of selected parcels, as described in Exhibit "A" qualifying as a Special Area Plan as per Article 3, Section 3.9 of the Miami 21 Code, the Zoning Ordinance of the City of Miami ("Miami 21 Code"); and WHEREAS, Section 3.9 of the Miami 21 Code authorizes the assembly and master planning of parcels greater than nine (9) abutting acres in size; and WHEREAS, the aforementioned location for the proposed Miami River SAP currently contains underutilized buildings and vacant lots, and it consists of a density increase area from 200 to 400 dwelling units per acre developed in five (5) phases consisting of four (4) mixed use towers between 58 and 60 stories in height, approximately 4,181,087 square feet of development, consisting of the following A) approximately 1,678 residential units; B) approximately 330 lodging units; C) approximately 66,541 square feet of office space; D) approximately 176,350 square feet of commercial uses; E) approximately 2,376 parking spaces; F) approximately 17 boat slips; G) a minimum of 35,964 square feet of civic space; and H) a minimum of 15,175 square feet of open space; and WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 3.9.1.f of the Miami 21 Code, development within a Special Area Plan shall be pursuant to a recorded development agreement; and WHEREAS, Applicant has submitted an application for approval of the Development Agreement pursuant to Chapter 163 of the Florida Statutes; and WHEREAS, the City and Applicant wish for the development of the project to proceed substantially in accordance with the Regulating Plan and Design Guidelines, as attached hereto, as may be amended from time to time; and WHEREAS, the City and Applicant wish for the development of the project to conform with the requirements of the Comprehensive Plan; and WHEREAS, the project is located between East Little Havana to the west, Brickell to the east and Downtown Miami to the north; and WHEREAS, the lack of certainty in the approval of development can result in a waste of economic and land resources, discourage sound capital improvement planning and financing, escalate the cost of housing and development, and discourage commitment to comprehensive planning; and WHEREAS, assurance to the developer that it may proceed in accordance with existing laws and policies, subject to the conditions of a development agreement, strengthens the public planning process; NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED, BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Ordinance are

north; and WHEREAS, the lack of certainty in the approval of development can result in a waste of economic and land resources, discourage sound capital improvement planning and financing, escalate the cost of housing and development, and discourage commitment to comprehensive planning; and WHEREAS, assurance to the developer that it may proceed in accordance with existing laws and policies, subject to the conditions of a development agreement, strengthens the public planning process; NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED, BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Ordinance are adopted by reference and incorporated as if fully set forth in this Section. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 517/614 Section 2. The Development Agreement, pursuant to Chapter 163 of the Florida Statutes, between Applicant and the City, relating to development of the approximately 10.2 acres, is hereby approved. Section 3. The Development Agreement is applicable only to property owned by Applicant and for the portion thereof of public improvements within and adjacent to Jose Marti Park, subject to the development parameters set forth therein. Section 4. The City Manager is authorized {1} to execute the Development Agreement, in substantially the attached form, for said purpose. Section 5. If any section, part of a section, paragraph, clause, phrase or word of this Ordinance is declared invalid, the remaining provisions of this Ordinance shall not be affected. Section 6. This Ordinance shall become effective immediately upon its adoption and signature of the Mayor. {2} ..Footnote {1} The herein authorization is further subject to compliance with all requirements that may be imposed by the City Attorney, including but not limited to those prescribed by applicable City Charter and Code provisions. {2} This Ordinance shall become effective as specified herein unless vetoes by the Mayor within ten (10) days of the date it was passed and adopted. If the Mayor vetoes this Ordinance, it shall become effective immediately upon override of the veto by the City Commission or upon the effective date stated herein, whichever is later. Appendix J - Wynwood NRD-1

SECTION 1 - DEFINITIONS 1.1 DEFINITIONS OF BUILDING FUNCTIONS: USE Wynwood Uses The NRD-1 shall permit the following Uses as identifed within Section 4, Table 1: a. COMMERCIAL Manufacturing-Enabled Retail: A facility primarily engaged in the manufacturing, processing, or assembly of goods and shall include on-premises retail sales. Art Gallery: A place of business primarily engaged in the display and sale of art work created on or off site, with works available for immediate purchase and removal from the premises. AMENDMENTS TO MIAMI 21 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION FILE NUMBER 13805 01-24-2019 Modifies the standards for small-scale commercial buildings and applicable parking relaxations 4204 13960 12-10-2020 Establishes a program to allow unused density to be transferred for the benefit of affordable/workforce housing 8032 14105 09-13-2023 Establishes a program for micro dwelling units 11616 14243 11-06-2023 Amends Sec.3.2.2, 3.5.2, 4, 5.1(e), 5.2(d) 14890 14242 11-27-2023 Clarify configuration standards for rooftop elements - Sec. 5.1.(b)(3), 5.2(b) 14889 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 518/614 b. CIVIC Privately-owned Public Open Space: A publicly accessible area on a private Lot that exceeds minimum Open Space requirements and shall be provided as a Civic Space Types standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. This area shall be in connection with a ground floor Commercial Use.

SECTION 2 - PURPOSE AND INTENT 2.1 BOUNDARIES Generally described as bounded by I-95 on the west, NW 29th Street on the north including parcels fronting NW 29th Street on the north between I-95 and NW 5th Avenue and between NW 2nd Avenue and N Miami Avenue, and the FEC Corridor on the east. The southern boundary is comprised of NW 20th Street between N Miami Avenue and NW 1st Place, and NW 22nd Street between NW 1st Place and I-95. Boundaries more specifically depicted on the Miami 21 Atlas. 2.2 INTENT The intent of the Neighborhood Revitalization District (NRD-1) is to establish a protective series of land development regulations to transition the existing Wynwood Industrial District into an active, diverse, mixed-use Neighborhood. The NRD-1 will also preserve the unique street art and Industrial characteristics of the current Wynwood District while promoting a 24-hour environment where people work, live, and play. The Wynwood Neighborhood, originally operated as a manufacturing and logistic hub for the City of Miami, is in transition and is transforming into a globally recognized destination for art, fashion, innovation, and creative enterprise. It is vital that the Wynwood Neighborhood accommodate new Uses and Densities while creating new Public and private Open Space opportunities for its existing and future residents. 2.3 EFFECTS OF DISTRICT DESIGNATION The effect of these NRD-1 regulations shall be to modify to the extent indicated herein: a. Transect regulations included within the NRD-1 boundaries. b. Definitions under Section 1.1 of the NRD-1, which are applicable only within the NRD-1. c. Other standards and regulations otherwise generally applicable under this Code to those properties included within the NRD-1 boundaries. d. Where standards set forth in a SAP conflict with standards set forth in the NRD-1, the standards in the SAP shall govern. e. Where standards in the NRD-1 are silent, the underlying Miami 21 standards and requirements shall govern. At the time fixed rail transit services become available within the NRD-1 Boundaries, TOD benefits and regulations generally available in this Code and the City Code shall be made available except to the extent explicitly modified herein. 2.4 ADDITIONAL NOTICE AND REVIEW a. All new Buildings within the NRD-1 boundaries shall be referred to the Wynwood Design Review Committee (WDRC), which shall review the application on its design merits and compatibility with the neighborhood and provide its comments and recommendations to the Director, per Chapter 2 of the City Code.

of the City Code.

SECTION 3 - GENERAL TO ZONES 3.1 LOTS AND FRONTAGES 3.1.1 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 519/614 Lot assembly shall require a Unity of Title or covenant in lieu of Unity of Title in a form acceptable to the City Attorney. Contiguous Lots in one (1) ownership, as of the effective date of this Code, may be developed as one (1) Lot in excess of the maximum Lot size. Development of contiguous lots under common ownership or assembled via a covenant in lieu of Unity of Title for one (1) or more Principal Buildings may exceed maximum lot area by Warrant for Uses that serve the neighborhood and upon determination of compliance with neighborhood compatibility performance criteria set forth below: 1. Building Facades on Primary and Secondary Frontages shall emphasize activated ground floor Habitable Space and incorporate façade treatments that are compatible with the neighborhood character and implement variations in facades through art, glass, or architectural treatments and materials of a design approved by the Planning Director with the recommendation of the WDRC. 2. Provides for native specimen street trees within the verge with a DBH of 25% above the typical standards required by the WSMP and Chapter 17 of the City Code; and 3. Incorporates one of the following public benefits for the community within the NRD-1 boundary: a. A Cross-Block Pedestrian Passage, at least fifty percent (50%) open to the sky, which connects at least two (2) Thoroughfares or which is aligned so as to connect with another Paseo or Cross-Block Pedestrian Passage across a Thoroughfare to the subject property and is publicly accessible 24-hours a day or reduced hours by process of Waiver; b. In addition to required Open Space, a minimum of 10% or 5,000 square feet of gross lot area, whichever is greater, as Civic Space Type donated as a plaza or courtyard and publicly accessible seven (7) days per week; c. A transit transfer station with direct pedestrian access from a primary or secondary frontage and no less than 5,000 square feet of enclosed space on ground Floor for micro-mobility and paratransit with direct service to a transit station, including publicly accessible sanitary facilities and lockers available to the general public; or d. Contribution to the NRD-1 Wynwood Public Benefits Trust Fund may be utilized for up to 20% at an amount equivalent to the balance of the square feet otherwise required for compliance with Section 3.1.1.3.a – c. above. 3.2 OFF-STREET PARKING AND LOADING STANDARDS Parking requirements met within the NRD-1 boundaries for T5, T6 and D1 Transect Zones may be provided on-site or off-site through a centralized Parking system or provided as payment-in-lieu into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund in order to consolidate Parking, encourage walking, and reduce the burden on property owners of mandated Parking requirements on-site. Parking requirements for the NRD-1 identified within Section 4, Table 2 shall apply. 3.2.1 Parking Program a. Applicability of Parking Relaxations. 1. Off-site parking Parking requirements may be satisfied off-site within a Parking Structure

with Section 3.1.1.3.a – c. above. 3.2 OFF-STREET PARKING AND LOADING STANDARDS Parking requirements met within the NRD-1 boundaries for T5, T6 and D1 Transect Zones may be provided on-site or off-site through a centralized Parking system or provided as payment-in-lieu into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund in order to consolidate Parking, encourage walking, and reduce the burden on property owners of mandated Parking requirements on-site. Parking requirements for the NRD-1 identified within Section 4, Table 2 shall apply. 3.2.1 Parking Program a. Applicability of Parking Relaxations. 1. Off-site parking Parking requirements may be satisfied off-site within a Parking Structure that shall be within1,000 feet of the nearest point on the parcel of land of the proposed Development site. On-street parking available along the Frontage Lines that correspond to each Lot shall not be counted toward the parking requirement of any new Development on the Lot. An applicant requesting Parking off-site within a Parking Structure shall provide a Parking covenant, in a form acceptable to the City Attorney, to be recorded against the proposed Parking Structure site prior to issuance of a Certificate of Occupancy or Temporary Certificate of Occupancy for the Development site, as applicable. The covenant shall, at a minimum, memorialize the Property location and number of spaces of the proposed Development site for which the Parking Structure provides such parking availability. The applicant may request the removal or modification of a Parking covenant upon such time that the City Parking requirements are reduced or mass transit conditions are modified in a way that may facilitate additional Parking space reductions, or the required parking being provided off-site is otherwise satisfied on-site, off-site or through payment of fees in lieu, if applicable. 2. Nonconforming Off-street Parking; Adaptive Use Changes to site improvements shall be subject to regulations set forth in Section 7.2.8.a of this Code. Notwithstanding the establishment of the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund, the Use or Adaptive Use of any Building shall not require the provision of additional Parking, loading, or on-site stormwater detention or retention. Where existing Off-street Parking or loading is nonconforming to the requirements of this Code, as modified by Section 4, Table 2 herein, no modifications shall be permitted which increase the degree of the existing nonconformity. Modifications to the facilities may be approved by Waiver, and the Waiver may be conditioned on safeguards that reduce the degree of the nonconformity to the extent reasonably feasible. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 520/614 3. Parking relaxations Parking relaxations generally available in this Code and the City Code shall be available within the NRD-1 boundaries, except to the extent explicitly modified herein. 4. Payment-in-lieu of providing Parking; Parking may be satisfied through payment-in-lieu process into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund permissible for each Use as provided in Section 4, Table 2, and may be supplemented as provided below: For Adaptive Use Structures incorporating new Building Capacity less than fifty percent (50%) of the total square footage of the existing Structure and not to exceed 20,000 square

reasonably feasible. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 520/614 3. Parking relaxations Parking relaxations generally available in this Code and the City Code shall be available within the NRD-1 boundaries, except to the extent explicitly modified herein. 4. Payment-in-lieu of providing Parking; Parking may be satisfied through payment-in-lieu process into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund permissible for each Use as provided in Section 4, Table 2, and may be supplemented as provided below: For Adaptive Use Structures incorporating new Building Capacity less than fifty percent (50%) of the total square footage of the existing Structure and not to exceed 20,000 square feet of new Floor Area, Parking requirements for any permitted Use may be fully satisfied through payment-in-lieu of parking on-site as provided within Section 4, Table 2; and For new Development which does not require a loading berth, the first sixty (60) spaces of required Parking may be fully satisfied through payment-in- lieu of parking on-site as provided within Section 4, Table 2. b. Mechanical parking facilities within Parking Structures shall be allowed by Right within the NRD- 1 boundaries. Parking spaces within these facilities shall be calculated based on the number of vehicles accommodated by said Parking Structure. c. Parking covenants as described in this Code and payment-in-lieu shall be processed as described within Chapter 35 of the City Code. d. Prior to the end of the three (3) years from the effective date of these NRD-1 Regulations, the Director and Zoning Administrator shall review the parking standard for Dwelling Units 650 square feet or less, based on a district-wide parking and transportation study and may make a recommendation to modify the parking standard if such a study demonstrates a different demand. 3.2.2 Loading Standards Loading standards are set forth in Section 4, Tables 2 and 3, except as modified below: a. On-street loading for all Transect Zones within NRD-1 may be allowed in areas designated by signage and for limited intervals during specified hours. Office, Commercial, Lodging, and Residential Loading. On-street loading areas intended to service Office, Commercial, Lodging and Residential loading berth requirements described within Article 4, Table 3 may be permitted within specifically designated zones along Wynwood Thoroughfares within 500 feet of the Development site. On-street loading within such designated zones shall not exceed 20 minutes. Such loading activity shall occur only between times posted. b. For the purpose of loading maneuverability for future Development within the NRD-1, the follow- ing criteria shall apply to on-site loading berths: 1. Turning movements associated with one (1) on-site loading berth per Development may be made on-street, except along Wynwood Corridors. 2. Turning movements associated with more than one (1) on-site loading berth per Development may be permitted on-street by Warrant, except along Wynwood Corridors. 3.3 THOROUGHFARES 3.3.1 NRD-1 Thoroughfares and Corridors The District is demarcated, traversed, or connected by important Thoroughfares and Corridors that provide opportunities for future Development. Wynwood Thoroughfares and Corridors have potential to increase Development Capacity, provide ideal locations for increased Building Height, and promote

the NRD-1, the follow- ing criteria shall apply to on-site loading berths: 1. Turning movements associated with one (1) on-site loading berth per Development may be made on-street, except along Wynwood Corridors. 2. Turning movements associated with more than one (1) on-site loading berth per Development may be permitted on-street by Warrant, except along Wynwood Corridors. 3.3 THOROUGHFARES 3.3.1 NRD-1 Thoroughfares and Corridors The District is demarcated, traversed, or connected by important Thoroughfares and Corridors that provide opportunities for future Development. Wynwood Thoroughfares and Corridors have potential to increase Development Capacity, provide ideal locations for increased Building Height, and promote higher Commercial Use activities. a. Improvements and new Development along Wynwood Thoroughfares and Corridors within the NRD-1 boundaries shall conform to the following pedestrian safety and comfort standards unless otherwise specified herein: 1. A Dominant Setback Waiver shall not be permitted in order for new Developments to establish a uniform streetscape with sidewalk conditions that promote pedestrian activity. 2. Uses to be developed on these Thoroughfares and Corridors shall promote pedestrian activity, such as General Commercial, Open Air Retail, and other ground floor retail Uses. 3. The number and dimensions of curb cuts and Driveways shall be minimized to reduce pedestrian/vehicular conflicts up to the minimum permissible by the controlling jurisdiction. 4. Right-of-way sections for distinct categories of Thoroughfares and Corridors have been identified within the NRD-1 Streetscape Master Plan to establish ideal sidewalk conditions, achieving an enhanced pedestrian experience within the NRD-1. b. NRD-1 Setbacks: Refer to the NRD-1 Streetscape Master Plan described within Section 8 for specific setback conditions along Thoroughfares and Corridors within the NRD- 1 boundary. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 521/614 3.4 WYNWOOD PUBLIC BENEFITS PROGRAM The intent of the Wynwood Public Benefits Program established in NRD-1 is to allow bonus Building Height in the T5-O, T6, and D1 Transect Zones in exchange for the developer’s contribution to specified programs that provide benefits to the Public within the NRD-1 boundaries. The Wynwood Public Benefits Program shall supersede the Public Benefits Program generally applicable in the City under Section 3.14 of this Code. No Building permit shall be issued for bonus Height and FLR until the Zoning Administrator has certified compliance with the provisions of this Section upon referral and assurance of compliance from all applicable departments. Certification shall be made only after a certified check has been deposited and cleared to the Wynwood Public Benefits Trust Fund or, for non-cash contributions, a binding commitment has been approved by the City Manager. The cash contribution shall be nonrefundable. a. The proposed bonus Height shall be permitted in exchange for contributions to the NRD-1 for the following public benefits: Affordable/Workforce Housing, Public Parks and Open Space, Civic Space or Civil Support space, Cross-Block Connectivity and Civic Street Type Right-of-Way Enhancements. The City shall establish a Wynwood Public Benefits Trust Fund for the collection of cash contributions for Affordable/Workforce Housing and Public Parks and Open Space. The Wynwood BID shall annually decide the allocation of funds from the

Trust Fund or, for non-cash contributions, a binding commitment has been approved by the City Manager. The cash contribution shall be nonrefundable. a. The proposed bonus Height shall be permitted in exchange for contributions to the NRD-1 for the following public benefits: Affordable/Workforce Housing, Public Parks and Open Space, Civic Space or Civil Support space, Cross-Block Connectivity and Civic Street Type Right-of-Way Enhancements. The City shall establish a Wynwood Public Benefits Trust Fund for the collection of cash contributions for Affordable/Workforce Housing and Public Parks and Open Space. The Wynwood BID shall annually decide the allocation of funds from the funds collected under this section. Expenditures of these funds shall be in accordance with the Wynwood Public Benefits Trust Fund as defined in Chapter 62 of the City Code. Definitions 1. Affordable/Workforce Housing shall mean: housing available to families which meet the qualifications as established by Section 13-5 of the City Code. 2. Public Parks and Open Space shall mean: Open Space meeting the standards of Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. 3. Civic Space or Civic Support Use shall mean: a Building Function defined within Article 1,Section 1.1 f. of this Code. 4. Cross-Block Connectivity shall mean: a Paseo, cross-Block Pedestrian Passage, or vehicular cross-Block passage that connects two (2) Thoroughfares, Corridors, or combination thereof; and is publicly accessible 24-hours a day and enforced covenant, in a form acceptable to the City Attorney. 5. Civic Street Type Right-of-Way Enhancements shall mean: rights-of-way specifically identified within the Wynwood Streetscape Master Plan as streets differentiated by prioritizing open pedestrian space, mobility improvements (particularly cycling infrastructure), and the selection of iconic tree species. The woonerf designs will be iconic and emblematic of Wynwood by way of landscape, art, and resilience and provide new opportunities for Civic Space. b. For the purposes of the Wynwood Public Benefits Program, the following criteria shall apply: 1. Affordable/Workforce Housing. A Development project within the NRD-1 boundaries may provide any of the following or combination thereof: i. Affordable/Workforce Housing On-site: For each square foot of Affordable/Workforce Housing priced at or below eighty percent (80%) Area Median Income (including appurtenant shared space such as Parking and circulation) provided on site, the Development shall be allowed three (3) square feet of additional area up to the bonus Height as described in Section 3.4 (c). For each square foot of Affordable/Workforce housing priced above eighty percent (80%) Area Median Income (including appurtenant shared space such as parking and circulation) provided on-site, the development shall be allowed an equivalent amount of development Floor Area up to the bonus Height and FLR as described in Section 3.4(c). ii. Affordable/Workforce Housing Off-site: For each square foot of Affordable/Workforce Housing (including appurtenant shared space such as Parking and circulation) provided off site, in a location within the City approved by the City Manager, the Development shall be allowed an equivalent square footage of additional area up to the bonus Height as described in Section 3.4 (c). No additional allowance or credit is given

Income (including appurtenant shared space such as parking and circulation) provided on-site, the development shall be allowed an equivalent amount of development Floor Area up to the bonus Height and FLR as described in Section 3.4(c). ii. Affordable/Workforce Housing Off-site: For each square foot of Affordable/Workforce Housing (including appurtenant shared space such as Parking and circulation) provided off site, in a location within the City approved by the City Manager, the Development shall be allowed an equivalent square footage of additional area up to the bonus Height as described in Section 3.4 (c). No additional allowance or credit is given for the purchase of the site. 2. Public Parks and Open Space. A Development project within the NRD-1 boundaries may provide any of the following or combination thereof: i. Dedication On-site: Public Open Space, in addition to required Open Space, may be provided on-site in a location and of a design to be approved by the Planning Director. For each square foot of dedicated Public Park or Open Space provided, the Development shall be allowed an equivalent amount of Development Floor Area up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.4 (c). The project shall maintain the Frontage requirements of the Transect Zone set forth within Section 3.3.1 (b). The Open Space may be a Civic Space Type. See Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. ii. Dedication Off-site: For dedication of Public Park or Open Space provided off-site within the NRD-1 boundary, the Development shall be allowed two (2) times the Development Floor Area of provided land up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.3 (c). The Open Space may be a Civic Space Type as more fully described in Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. 3. Civic Space and Civil Support Uses. For a Development project within the NRD-1 boundaries that donates a Civic Space or Civil Support Use on site to the City, an additional two (2) square feet of area for each square foot of donated Building Floor Area for use, up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.4(c), shall be allowed. 4. Cross-Block Connectivity. In efforts to further improve neighborhood connectivity and connections through the District, a Development project within the NRD-1 boundaries that provides a Paseo, cross-Block Pedestrian Passage, or vehicular cross-Block passage, which is at any point more than two- hundred fifty (250) feet from the nearest Thoroughfare intersection, further than five-hundred (500) feet from any other Paseo or cross-Block Pedestrian Passage, or aligned with another cross-block Pedestrian Passage or Paseo across a Thoroughfare to an adjacent property, connects two (2) Thoroughfares, and is publicly accessible 24-hours a day or reduced hours by process of Waiver, additional floor area shall be allowed as follows: i. For portions of provided Cross-Block Connectivity that are roofed, the Development shall be allowed an equivalent amount of Development Floor Area up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.4 (c). ii. For portions of provided Cross-Block Connectivity that are open to the sky, the

than five-hundred (500) feet from any other Paseo or cross-Block Pedestrian Passage, or aligned with another cross-block Pedestrian Passage or Paseo across a Thoroughfare to an adjacent property, connects two (2) Thoroughfares, and is publicly accessible 24-hours a day or reduced hours by process of Waiver, additional floor area shall be allowed as follows: i. For portions of provided Cross-Block Connectivity that are roofed, the Development shall be allowed an equivalent amount of Development Floor Area up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.4 (c). ii. For portions of provided Cross-Block Connectivity that are open to the sky, the Development shall be allowed five (5) times the Development Floor Area up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.4 (c). 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 522/614 5. Civic Street Type Right-of-Way Enhancements. The Wynwood Streetscape Master Plan designation of Civic Street Types including NW 3 Avenue, NW 1 Avenue, and NW 1 Place Woonerfs and NW 29 Street, NW 5 Avenue, NW 27 Terrace, and NW 28 Street has positioned these roads as landmarks within the District. The Woonerf designs will be iconic and emblematic of Wynwood by way of landscape, art, and resilience and provide new opportunities for Civic Space. In efforts to construct Woonerfs and other specialized Civic Street Types throughout the District as identified within the Wynwood Streetscape Master Plan, a Development project within the NRD-1 boundaries may provide any of the following or combination thereof: i. For each square foot of constructed Civic Street Type Right-of-Way Improvements beyond standard Department of Resilience and Public Works right- of-way improvements required by Section 54-56 of the City Code, the Development shall be allowed two (2) times the Development Floor Area up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.4(c). ii. For a cash contribution to the Right-of-Way Improvement Trust Fund, the Development project shall be allowed additional Floor Area up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.4(c). The cash contribution shall be determined by criteria set forth within Section 8.1.d. 6. Trust Fund contribution. For a cash contribution to the Wynwood Public Benefits Trust Fund, the Development project shall be allowed additional Floor Area up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.4 (c). The cash contribution shall be determined based on a percentage of the market value of the per square foot price being charged for units at projects within the market area where the proposed project seeking the bonus is located. The calculation assumes a land value per saleable or rentable square foot within market area to equate to between ten percent (10%) to fifteen percent (15%) of the market area’s weighted average sales price per square foot. The cash contributions shall be adjusted on an annual basis to reflect market conditions effective October 1 of every year. c. Bonus Building Height shall be permitted if the proposed Development contributes toward the specified public benefits, above that which is otherwise required by the NRD-1, in the amount and in the manner set forth herein.

proposed project seeking the bonus is located. The calculation assumes a land value per saleable or rentable square foot within market area to equate to between ten percent (10%) to fifteen percent (15%) of the market area’s weighted average sales price per square foot. The cash contributions shall be adjusted on an annual basis to reflect market conditions effective October 1 of every year. c. Bonus Building Height shall be permitted if the proposed Development contributes toward the specified public benefits, above that which is otherwise required by the NRD-1, in the amount and in the manner set forth herein. 1. T5-O: five (5) Story maximum, bonus to eight (8) Stories; the first additional floor of Development Height shall only be permitted through Public Benefits for Affordable/Workforce Housing, Public Parks and Open Space, Civic Space Type, Civil Support Use, Cross-Block Connectivity, and/or cash contributions to the Wynwood Public Benefits Trust Fund. Additional bonus Height may be achieved through Public Benefits or through the Wynwood TDR Program. 2. T6-8: eight (8) Story maximum, bonus to twelve (12) Stories; the first half (rounded up) of additional floors of Development Height shall only be permitted through Public Benefits for Affordable/Workforce Housing, Public Parks and Open Space, Civic Space Type, Civil Support Use, and/or cash contributions to the Wynwood Public Benefits Trust Fund. Additional bonus Height may be achieved through public benefits or through the Wynwood TDR Program. 3. D1: eight (8) Story maximum, bonus to ten (10) Stories; the additional floors of Development Height shall only be permitted through public benefits for Affordable/Workforce Housing, Public Parks and Open Space, Civic Space Type, Civil Support Use, and/or cash contributions to the Wynwood Public Benefit Trust Fund. 3.5 WYNWOOD TRANSFER OF DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS PROGRAM 3.5.1 Wynwood Transfer of Development Rights Program a. It is the intent of the Wynwood Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) Program to encourage the preservation of Legacy Structures and the establishment of Privately-Owned Public Open Space by creating a process whereby the otherwise unusable Development rights of Legacy Structure sites and Privately- Owned Public Open Space may be converted into an asset that may be sold to an eligible receiving sites located within the NRD-1 boundaries. The Wynwood TDR Program, permitted only within the NRD-1, will facilitate the transfer of Floor Area from Legacy Structure sites and Privately-Owned Public Open Space sites to encourage new Development that supports the character of Wynwood. Notwithstanding Chapter 23 of the City Code, no property may utilize any other TDR program that may be applicable under this Code or the City Code, shall be eligible within the NRD-1 boundaries, either as a sending property or receiving site except as allowed herein. b. Owners of eligible properties may be issued a “certificate of eligibility” by the Director with the recommendation of the WDRC, that the property meets the criteria established by the Wynwood BID and defined below. 1. Legacy Structure shall mean: An existing Building which is maintained and re-purposed by the property owner that contributes

Wynwood. Notwithstanding Chapter 23 of the City Code, no property may utilize any other TDR program that may be applicable under this Code or the City Code, shall be eligible within the NRD-1 boundaries, either as a sending property or receiving site except as allowed herein. b. Owners of eligible properties may be issued a “certificate of eligibility” by the Director with the recommendation of the WDRC, that the property meets the criteria established by the Wynwood BID and defined below. 1. Legacy Structure shall mean: An existing Building which is maintained and re-purposed by the property owner that contributes to the character of Wynwood. The Building must maintain its physical integrity so that it sufficiently conveys its original character; possesses integrity of design, setting, material, workmanship, feeling and association and meet at least one (1) of the following criteria: i. Is associated within a significant industry important to the City’s history; ii. Exemplifies the Industrial past of the community; and, iii. Provides public art that supports the character of Wynwood and is maintained in perpetuity. 2. TDR exchange system: i. The owner of property improved with a Legacy Structure or Privately-Owned Public Open Space may sell or receive TDRs at any time. ii. Developments within T5-O and T6 Transect Zones may receive TDRs to obtain additional bonus Building Height. In the T5-O Transect Zone, TDRs may only be acquired for a Building Height above the first floor of bonus Development Building Height. In a T6 Transect Zone, TDRs may only be acquired for half (rounded down) of a Development’s bonus Building Height. 3. Legacy Structure sites selling TDRs must operate a Use permissible within the NRD-1. Legacy Structure sites and Privately-Owned Public Open Space sites shall not be preserved in perpetuity and may reacquire Development capacity from another Legacy Structure site or Privately-Owned Public Open Space site if available within the NRD-1 boundaries. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 523/614 3.5.2 Wynwood Transfer of Development Density Program a. It is the intent of the Wynwood Transfer of Development Density (TDD) Program to encourage the development of Affordable/Workforce Housing, Civic Open Space, and Legacy Use Floor Area within a Legacy Structure by creating a process whereby the otherwise unusable Development Density of a New NRD-1 development site, Legacy Structure, or improved open space area may be converted into an asset that may be sold to eligible receiving sites located within the NRD-1 boundaries. The Wynwood TDD Program, permitted only within the NRD-1, will facilitate the transfer of Density from Existing or New NRD-1 Development Sites, Legacy Structures, and improved Open Space sites to encourage new residential development that supports the character of Wynwood. Notwithstanding Chapter 23 of the City Code, no property within the NRD-1 boundaries may utilize any other TDD program that may be applicable under this Code or the City Code, either as a sending property or receiving site except as allowed herein. b. Owners of eligible properties as sending sites may be issued a “certificate of eligibility” by

NRD-1 boundaries. The Wynwood TDD Program, permitted only within the NRD-1, will facilitate the transfer of Density from Existing or New NRD-1 Development Sites, Legacy Structures, and improved Open Space sites to encourage new residential development that supports the character of Wynwood. Notwithstanding Chapter 23 of the City Code, no property within the NRD-1 boundaries may utilize any other TDD program that may be applicable under this Code or the City Code, either as a sending property or receiving site except as allowed herein. b. Owners of eligible properties as sending sites may be issued a “certificate of eligibility” by the Zoning Administrator if the property meets the criteria established by the Wynwood BID as defined below: 1. Legacy Structure shall mean: See Section 3.5.1 criteria. 2. New NRD-1 Development Site shall mean: Any primarily non-Residential development completed after September 2015 within the NRD-1 boundary. 3. TDD exchange system: i. The owner of property improved with a New NRD-1 Development Site, Legacy Structure, or Privately Owned Public Open Space may sell TDDs at any time to new Development with Residential or Lodging uses within the NRD-1 Boundary up to fifty percent (50%) increase above allowable Density within T5-O, T5-L, and T6-8-O. ii. New Developments with Residential or Lodging uses may receive up to fifty percent (50%) increase above allowable Density within T5-O, T5-L, and T6-8-O permitted through the participation in one of the following TDD Benefit Programs: a. Affordable Housing Payout Bonus Density shall be permitted for a Dwelling Unit less than 650 square feet or efficiency units and only if the Development contributes cash to the Wynwood Public Benefits Trust Fund in the amount of $20,000.00 per Dwelling Unit up to fifty percent (50%) increase beyond otherwise allowable maximum Density. b. Public Parks and Open Space Dedication Off-site: For dedication of Public Park or Open Space provided off-site within the NRD-1 boundary, the Development shall be allowed an equivalent amount of the Development Density up to the amount described in Section 3.5.2.b.3.ii. The Open Space may be a Civic Space Type as more fully described in Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. c. NRD-1 Legacy Structure and NRD-1 New Development Site. Both a Legacy Structure site and a New NRD-1 Development Site selling TDDs shall be allowed an equivalent amount of the site Development Density based on its Lot Area multiplied by the maximum Density permitted in the transect zone. 3.5.3 Wynwood Attainable Mixed Income Program a. As a pre-requisite to qualify as a Wynwood Attainable Mixed-Income Development eligible for any of the special benefits described in Article 3, Section 3.15 of this Code, an applicant shall submit to the Office of Zoning: 1. Certification by the City’s Housing and Community Development Department that the proposed Development will provide a minimum of forty percent (40%) of the Dwelling Units as Affordable Housing serving residents at or below sixty percent (60%) of AMI and the remainder of the Dwelling Units up to Market Rate Housing; or certification by the

transect zone. 3.5.3 Wynwood Attainable Mixed Income Program a. As a pre-requisite to qualify as a Wynwood Attainable Mixed-Income Development eligible for any of the special benefits described in Article 3, Section 3.15 of this Code, an applicant shall submit to the Office of Zoning: 1. Certification by the City’s Housing and Community Development Department that the proposed Development will provide a minimum of forty percent (40%) of the Dwelling Units as Affordable Housing serving residents at or below sixty percent (60%) of AMI and the remainder of the Dwelling Units up to Market Rate Housing; or certification by the City’s Housing and Community Development Department that the proposed Development will provide a minimum of twenty percent (20%) of the Dwelling Units as Affordable Housing serving residents at or below fifty percent (50%) of AMI and the remainder of the Dwelling Units up to Market Rate Housing. 2. A recorded covenant running with the land acceptable to the City and in a form acceptable to the City Attorney confirming the property will meet the criteria in subsection (1) above for a period of no less than thirty (30) years from the date of the issuance of a final Certificate of Occupancy. The covenant shall be automatically extended for periods of ten (10) years if any funds from the NRD-1 Wynwood Public Benefit Trust Fund are utilized and may be released only by a vote of the City Commission at a publicly noticed hearing. b. Wynwood Attainable Mixed Income Development shall be provided all the flexibilities described in Article 3, Section 3.15 of this Code except as modified below. 1. Any Development that meets the criteria in Section 3.5.3.a and provides a minimum of ten percent (10%) of the Dwelling Units as Extremely Low Income as defined herein shall be provided a one hundred percent (100%) Density bonus. The Development after the Density bonus shall maintain the Affordable and Market Rate Housing mix described in Section 3.5.3.a(1) and shall provide ten percent (10%) of the Dwelling Units as Extremely Low Income Housing for the entire Development. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 524/614 2. Any Development that meets the criteria in Section 3.5.3.a and provides a minimum of five percent (5%) of the Dwelling Units as Extremely Low Income as defined herein shall be provided a fifty percent (50%) Density bonus. The Development after the Density bonus shall maintain the Affordable and Market Rate Housing mix described in Section 3.5.3.a(1) and shall provide five percent (5%) of the Dwelling Units as Extremely Low Income Housing for the entire Development. 3. The income restricted housing required under Section 3.5.3 can be fully or partially paid out into the Affordable Housing Trust Fund at the rate of $35,000.00 per required unit at sixty percent (60%) AMI, $55,000.00 per required unit at fifty percent (50%) AMI, and $75,000.00 per required unit at thirty percent (30%) AMI. i. A Wynwood Attainable Mixed Income Development that fully or partially pays out any income restricted housing required under

Market Rate Housing mix described in Section 3.5.3.a(1) and shall provide five percent (5%) of the Dwelling Units as Extremely Low Income Housing for the entire Development. 3. The income restricted housing required under Section 3.5.3 can be fully or partially paid out into the Affordable Housing Trust Fund at the rate of $35,000.00 per required unit at sixty percent (60%) AMI, $55,000.00 per required unit at fifty percent (50%) AMI, and $75,000.00 per required unit at thirty percent (30%) AMI. i. A Wynwood Attainable Mixed Income Development that fully or partially pays out any income restricted housing required under this Section shall not be permitted to utilize Article 3, Section 3.15.4 or 3.15.5 of this Code. A Wynwood Attainable Mixed Income Development that fully pays out all its required income restricted housing shall not require the recorded covenant described in 3.5.3.a.2.

SECTION 4 - STANDARDS AND TABLES TABLE 1. BUILDING FUNCTION: USES T5 URBAN CENTER T6 URBAN CORE D DISTRICTS L O O D1 DENSITY (UNITS PER ACRE) 150 150 150 36 RESIDENTIAL SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENCE R R R COMMUNITY RESIDENCE R R R ANCILLARY UNIT TWO FAMILY RESIDENCE R R R MULTI FAMILY HOUSING R R R DORMITORY R R R HOME OFFICE R R R LIVE - WORK R R R WORK - LIVE R R R LODGING BED & BREAKFAST R R R R INN R R R R HOTEL R R R R OFFICE OFFICE R R R R COMMERCIAL ART GALLERY R R R R AUTO-RELATED COMMERCIAL ESTAB. W W R 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 525/614 T5 URBAN CENTER T6 URBAN CORE D DISTRICTS ENTERTAINMENT ESTABLISHMENT W R R R ENTERTAINMENT ESTAB. - ADULT FOOD SERVICE ESTABLISHMENT R R R R ALCOHOL BEVERAGE SERVICE ESTAB. E E E E GENERAL COMMERCIAL R R R R MANUFACTURING-ENABLED RETAIL W R MARINE RELATED COMMERCIAL ESTAB. W W W R OPEN AIR RETAIL W W W R PLACE OF ASSEMBLY R R R R RECREATIONAL ESTABLISHMENT R R R R CIVIC COMMUNITY FACILITY W W W R PRIVATELY-OWNED PUBLIC OPEN SPACE R R R R RECREATIONAL FACILITY R R R R RELIGIOUS FACILITY R R R R REGIONAL ACTIVITY COMPLEX E CIVIL SUPPORT COMMUNITY SUPPORT FACILITY W W W R INFRASTRUCTURE AND UTILITIES W W W W MAJOR FACILITY E MARINA W W W R PUBLIC PARKING W W W R RESCUE MISSION E TRANSIT FACILITIES W W W R EDUCATIONAL CHILDCARE W W W E COLLEGE / UNIVERSITY W W W E ELEMENTARY SCHOOL W W W E LEARNING CENTER R R R E MIDDLE / HIGH SCHOOL W W W E PRE-SCHOOL R R R E 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 526/614 TABLE 2. T5 - URBAN CENTER ZONE T5 URBAN CENTER T6 URBAN CORE D DISTRICTS RESEARCH FACILITY R R R R SPECIAL TRAINING / VOCATIONAL W W W R INDUSTRIAL AUTO-RELATED INDUSTRIAL ESTBL. R MANUFACTURING AND PROCESSING R MARINE RELATED INDUSTRIAL ESTBL. R PRODUCTS AND SERVICES R STORAGE/ DISTRIBUTION FACILITY R LIMITED OPEN DENSITY(UPA) 150 UNITS PER ACRE 150 UNITS PER ACRE RESIDENTIAL See Article 4, Table 4 Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Dwelling Unit • Minimum of one and one-half (1.5) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide one (1) space per Dwelling Unit on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per Dwelling Unit of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Dwelling Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Dwelling Unit 650 square feet or less • Minimum of one (1) parking space per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure,

Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide one (1) space per Dwelling Unit on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per Dwelling Unit of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every 10 Dwelling Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Dwelling Unit 650 square feet or less • Minimum of one (1) parking space per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure, or • Payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per Dwelling Unit may be provided for off-street Parking into the Wynwood Parking Fund, for up to the first forty (40) spaces per development project. For any required spaces after the first forty Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Dwelling Unit • Minimum of one and one-half (1.5) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide one (1) space per Dwelling Unit on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per Dwelling Unit of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Dwelling Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Dwelling Unit 650 square feet or less • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or • Payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per Dwelling Unit may be provided for off-street Parking into the Wynwood Parking Fund, for up to the first forty (40) spaces per development project. For any 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 527/614 (40), payment-in-lieu of remaining half (0.5) space per Dwelling Unit of required offstreet parking may be provided into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Dwelling Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum one (1) space per staff member and one (1) space per four (4) residents. • Community Residence - Minimum of one (1) parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per Dwelling Unit. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transact Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty

Residence - Minimum of one (1) parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per Dwelling Unit. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transact Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent ( 30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8. 4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. required spaces after the first forty (40), payment-in-lieu of remaining half (0.5) space per Dwelling Unit of required offstreet parking may be provided into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Dwelling Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit. • Work-live - Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Work-live Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Work-live Unit in excess of 2,000 square feet shall be required to provide additional parking equivalent to the Office requirement for the area above 2,000 square feet. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum one (1) space per staff member and one (1) space per four (4) residents. • Community Residence - Minimum of one (1) parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per Dwelling Unit. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transact Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank

Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per Dwelling Unit. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transact Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 528/614 Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8. 4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 LODGING See Article 4, Table 4 Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1. • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per two (2) lodging units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide half (½) space per two (2) lodging units on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per two (2) lodging units of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) lodging units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standards, Section 4, Table 3. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) bicycle rack space for every five (5) lodging units. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent ( 30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1. • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per two (2) lodging units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide half (½) space per two (2) lodging units on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per two (2) lodging units of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) lodging units shall

payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1. • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per two (2) lodging units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide half (½) space per two (2) lodging units on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per two (2) lodging units of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) lodging units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standards, Article 4, Table 3. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) bicycle rack space for every five (5) lodging units. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent ( 30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 529/614 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8. 4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8. 4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 OFFICE See Article 4, Table 4 Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Office Uses are limited to the first and second Story of the Principal Building. Office and Commercial Uses shall be less than 25% Building floor area total. • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Office Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Office Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Parking requirement

limited by compliance with: • Office Uses are limited to the first and second Story of the Principal Building. Office and Commercial Uses shall be less than 25% Building floor area total. • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Office Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Office Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Office area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Office Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Office Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Office area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 530/614 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space.

Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 530/614 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 COMMERCIAL See Article 4, Table 4 Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Commercial Uses are limited to the first and second Story of the Principal Building. Office and Commercial Uses shall be less than 25% Building floor area total. • A maximum Floor Area of 55,000 square feet per establishment. • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment- in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Art Gallery - Minimum of (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Art Gallery Use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • A maximum Floor Area of 55,000 square feet per establishment, except for Public Storage Facilities. • A Principal Building with 100 feet of Principal Frontage length or more shall require Commercial Uses along a minimum of twenty five (25%) of the ground floor facade. • Manufacturing-Enabled Retail - Limited to first Story of Principal Building and a maximum Floor Area of 20,000 square feet per establishment. • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, except for Public Storage Facilities, minimum one (1) parking space for every 10,000 square feet with a minimum

per establishment, except for Public Storage Facilities. • A Principal Building with 100 feet of Principal Frontage length or more shall require Commercial Uses along a minimum of twenty five (25%) of the ground floor facade. • Manufacturing-Enabled Retail - Limited to first Story of Principal Building and a maximum Floor Area of 20,000 square feet per establishment. • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, except for Public Storage Facilities, minimum one (1) parking space for every 10,000 square feet with a minimum of eight (8) parking spaces; or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment- in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Art Gallery - Minimum of (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Art Gallery Use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 531/614 3,000 square feet of Commercial area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3, except for Public Storage Facilities. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Commercial area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or

square feet of Commercial area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 Commercial Auto-related, Drive- Thru or Drive-In Facilities - See Article 6. CIVIC See Article 4, Table 4 Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in- Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in- 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 532/614 lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Privately-owned Public Open Space - No parking shall be required for Privately-owned Public Open Space that is in connection with a ground floor Commercial Use and provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Civic area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or

• Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Civic area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Privately-owned Public Open Space - No parking shall be required for Privately-owned Public Open Space that is in connection with a ground floor Commercial Use and provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Civic area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 CIVIL SUPPORT See Article 4, Table 4 Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Civil Support Use shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in- lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Civil

parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 CIVIL SUPPORT See Article 4, Table 4 Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Civil Support Use shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in- lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Civil Support Use shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in- lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 533/614 parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*. • Adult Daycare- Minimum of one (1) space per staff member. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Civic Support area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Article 4, Table 3 parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*. • Adult Daycare-Minimum of one (1) space per staff member. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Civic Support area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit

Parking Structure*. • Adult Daycare-Minimum of one (1) space per staff member. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Civic Support area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Article 4, Table 3 EDUCATIONAL See Article 4, Table 4 Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of two (2) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide one and one-half (1.5) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Educational Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (.5) space per 1,000 Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of two (2) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide one and one-half (1.5) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Educational Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (.5) space per 1,000 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 534/614 *Pursuant to Section 3.1.1 Parking Program TABLE 2. T6 - URBAN CORE ZONE square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Schools – Minimum of one (1) parking space for each faculty or staff member, one (1) visitor parking space per 100 students, one (1) parking space per five (5) students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. • Childcare Facilities-Minimum of one (1) space for the owner/operator and one (1) space for each employee, and one (1) drop-off space for every ten (10) clients cared for. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Educational area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within

Facilities-Minimum of one (1) space for the owner/operator and one (1) space for each employee, and one (1) drop-off space for every ten (10) clients cared for. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Educational area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Article 4, Table 3 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Schools – Minimum of one (1) parking space for each faculty or staff member, one (1) visitor parking space per 100 students, one (1) parking space per five (5) students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. • Childcare Facilities-Minimum of one (1) space for the owner/operator and one (1) space for each employee, and one (1) drop-off space for every ten (10) clients cared for. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Educational area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading- Refer to Article 4, Table 3 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 535/614 DENSITY (UPA) 150 UNITS PER ACRE 150 UNITS PER ACRE 150 UNITS PER ACRE RESIDENTIAL See Article 4, Table 4 See Article 4,

any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading- Refer to Article 4, Table 3 RESTRICTED LIMITED OPEN 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 535/614 DENSITY (UPA) 150 UNITS PER ACRE 150 UNITS PER ACRE 150 UNITS PER ACRE RESIDENTIAL See Article 4, Table 4 See Article 4, Table 4 Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Dwelling Unit • Minimum of one and one-half (1.5) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide one (1) space per Dwelling Unit on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per Dwelling Unit of required off- street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Dwelling Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Dwelling Unit 650 square feet or less • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure, or • Payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per Dwelling Unit may be provided for off-street Parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund, for the first forty (40) spaces per development project. For any required spaces after the first forty (40), payment-in-lieu of remaining half (0.5) space per Dwelling Unit of required off-street parking may be provided into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Dwelling Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit. • Work-live - Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Work-live Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Work-live Unit in excess of 2,000 square feet shall be required to provide additional parking eqivalent to the Office requirement for the area above 2,000 square feet. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum one (1) space per staff member and one (1) space per four (4) residents. • Community Residence - Minimum of one (1) parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required

to provide additional parking eqivalent to the Office requirement for the area above 2,000 square feet. • Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum one (1) space per staff member and one (1) space per four (4) residents. • Community Residence - Minimum of one (1) parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. • Minimum of 1 Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per Dwelling Unit. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 536/614 percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 LODGING See Article 4, Table 4 See Article 4, Table 4 Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1. • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per two (2) lodging units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide half (½) space per two (2) lodging units on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment- in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per two (2) lodging units of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) lodging unit shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every five (5) lodging units. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit

Space for every five (5) lodging units. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 OFFICE See Article 4, Table 4 See Article 4, Table 4 Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1. • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Office Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Office Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 537/614 • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required, or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Office area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 COMMERCIAL See Article 4, Table 4 See Article 4, Table 4 Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • A maximum Floor Area of 55,000 square feet per establishment, except for Public Storage Facilities. • A Principal Building with 100 feet of Principal Frontage length or more shall require Commercial Uses along a minimum of twenty five (25%) of the ground floor facade. • Minimum

parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 COMMERCIAL See Article 4, Table 4 See Article 4, Table 4 Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • A maximum Floor Area of 55,000 square feet per establishment, except for Public Storage Facilities. • A Principal Building with 100 feet of Principal Frontage length or more shall require Commercial Uses along a minimum of twenty five (25%) of the ground floor facade. • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, except for Public Storage Facilities, minimum one (1) parking space for every 10,000 square feet with a minimum of eight (8) parking spaces; or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3, except for Public Storage Facilities. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required, or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Commercial area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 538/614 be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 Commercial Auto-related - Drive-Thru or Drive-In Facilities - See Article 6. CIVIC See Article 4, Table 4 See Article 4, Table 4 Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood

Article 4, Table 4 See Article 4, Table 4 Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Privately-owned Public Open Space - No parking shall be required for Privately-owned Public Open Space that is in connection with a ground floor Commercial Use and provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required, or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Civic area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 CIVIL SUPPORT See Article 4, Table 4 See Article 4, Table 4 Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with:. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Civil Support Use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Adult Daycare- Minimum of one (1) space per staff member. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required, or within a TOD area, one 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 539/614 *Pursuant to Section 3.1.1 Parking Program TABLE 2. D - DISTRICT (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Civic Support area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within

for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Adult Daycare- Minimum of one (1) space per staff member. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required, or within a TOD area, one 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 539/614 *Pursuant to Section 3.1.1 Parking Program TABLE 2. D - DISTRICT (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Civic Support area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 EDUCATIONAL See Article 4, Table 4 See Article 4, Table 4 Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of two (2) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide one and one-half (1.5) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Educational Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (.5) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Schools – Minimum of one (1) parking space for each faculty or staff member, one (1) visitor parking space per 100 students, one (1) parking space per five (5) students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. • Childcare Facilities- Minimum of one (1) space for the owner/operator and one (1) space for each employee, and one (1) drop-off space for every ten (10) clients cared for. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every (20) vehicular spaces required, or within a TOD area, one (1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Educational area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. •

(1) Bicycle Rack Space required per 3,000 square feet of Educational area. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 540/614 D1 - WORK PLACE D2 - INDUSTRIAL D3 - WATERFRONT INDUSTRIAL DENSITY(UPA) 36 UNITS PER ACRE N/A N/A RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every 10 Work-live Units shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*. • Work-live Unit in excess of 2,000 square feet shall be required to provide additional parking equivalent to the Office requirement for the area above 2,000 square feet. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 LODGING Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per two (2) lodging units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide half (½) space per two (2) lodging units on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per two (2) lodging units of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional

six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 LODGING Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per two (2) lodging units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide half (½) space per two (2) lodging units on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per two (2) lodging units of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) lodging unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 541/614 the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 OFFICE Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 sf of office space provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Office Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along

spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 COMMERCIAL Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*, except for Public Storage Facilities, minimum one (1) parking space for every 10,000 square feet with a minimum of eight (8) parking spaces; or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 542/614 Art Gallery - Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Art Gallery Use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3, except for Public Storage Facilities. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Drive-Thru or Drive-In Facilities - Refer to Article 6. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 CIVIC Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: •

Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Drive-Thru or Drive-In Facilities - Refer to Article 6. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 CIVIC Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Privately-owned Public Open Space - No parking shall be required for Privately-owned Public Open Space that is in connection with a ground floor Commercial Use and provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 543/614 • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3. CIVIL SUPPORT Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Civil Support Use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Adult Daycare-Minimum of one (1) space per staff member. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. • Except for

• Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Civil Support Use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Adult Daycare-Minimum of one (1) space per staff member. • Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3. EDUCATIONAL Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of two (2) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide one and one-half (1.5) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Educational Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (.5) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the Wynwood Parking Trust Fund. Schools – Minimum of one (1) parking space for each faculty or staff member, one (1) visitor parking space per 100 students, one (1) parking space per five (5) students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. Childcare Facilities - Minimum of one (1) space for the 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 544/614 TABLE 3 PARKING AND LOADING owner/ operator and one (1) space for each employee, and one (1) drop-off space for every ten (10) clients cared for. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every (20) vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. •

of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every (20) vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3. INDUSTRIAL Industrial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Please refer to Article 6 for additional specific requirements. • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Industrial Use, except for Commercial Storage Facilities, minimum one (1) parking space for every 10,000 square feet with a minimum of eight (8) parking spaces. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared Parking Standard, Section 4, Table 3, except for Public Storage Facilities. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. • Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver, by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into a transit enhancement Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code, or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. • Within a TOD area, Transit Corridor, or for Developments along bike line network identified in the WSMP Illustration 8.4, twenty percent (20%) of required parking spaces may be exchanged for bicycle parking at a ratio of six (6) Bicycle Rack Spaces for each required parking space. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 545/614 SHARED PARKING STANDARDS SHARED PARKING STANDARDS The shared Parking Standards Table provides the method for calculating shared Parking for Buildings with more than one Use type. It refers to the parking requirements that appear in Table 4. The parking required for any two Functions on a Lot is calculated by dividing the number of spaces required by the lesser of the two uses by the appropriate factor from this Table and adding the result to the greater use parking requirement. For instance a Building with a Residential Use requiring 100 spaces and a Commercial Use requiring 20 spaces, the 20 spaces divided by the

PARKING STANDARDS The shared Parking Standards Table provides the method for calculating shared Parking for Buildings with more than one Use type. It refers to the parking requirements that appear in Table 4. The parking required for any two Functions on a Lot is calculated by dividing the number of spaces required by the lesser of the two uses by the appropriate factor from this Table and adding the result to the greater use parking requirement. For instance a Building with a Residential Use requiring 100 spaces and a Commercial Use requiring 20 spaces, the 20 spaces divided by the sharing factor of 1.2 would reduce the total requirement to 100 plus 17 spaces. For Uses not indicated in this chart on a mixed use lot a sharing factor of 1.1 shall be allowed. Additional sharing is allowed by Warrant. ANGLE OF PARKING ACCESS AISLE WIDTH Driveways shall have a minimum of 10 feet of paved width of a one- way drive and 20 feet for a two- way drive for parking area providing 10 or more stalls. Pedestrian entrances shall be at least 3 feet from stall, driveway or access aisle. Allowable slopes, paving, and drainage per Florida Building Code. Off-street Parking facilities shall have a minimum vertical clearance of 7 feet. Where such a facility is to be used by trucks or loading Uses, the minimum clearance shall be 12 feet Residential and 15 feet Commercial and Industrial. Ingress vehicular control devices shall be located so as to provide a minimum driveway of 20 feet in length between the Base Building Line and dispenser. For requirements of parking lots, refer to Article 9 and the City of Miami Off-street Parking Guides and Standards. ONE WAY TRAFFIC SINGLE LOADED ONE WAY TRAFFIC DOUBLE LOADED TWO WAY TRAFFIC DOUBLE LOADED 90 23 ft 23 ft 23 ft 60 12.8 ft 11.8 ft 19.3 ft 45 10.8 ft 9.5 ft 18.5 ft Parallel 10 ft 10 ft 20 ft Standard stall: 8.5 ft x 18 ft minimum LOADING BERTH STANDARDS T5, T6 DISTRICT NOTES RESIDENTIAL* From 50,000 sf to 500,000 sf Berth Types Residential*: 200 sf = 10 ft x 20 ft x 12 ft Commercial**: 420 sf = 12 ft x 35 ft x 15 ft Industrial***: 660 sf = 12 ft x 55 ft x 15 ft * Residential Bert Size Loading Berths 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 546/614 loading berths shall be set back a distance equal to their length. ** 1 Commercial berth may be substituted by 2 Residential berths *** 1 Industrial berth may be substituted by 2 Commercial berths. 420 sf 1 per first 100 units 200 sf 1 per each additional 100 units or fraction of 100. Greater than 500,000 sf BertSize Loading Berths 660 sf 1 per first 100 units 200 sf 1 per each additional 100 units or fraction of 100. LODGING From 50,000 sf to 500,000 sf From 50,000 sf to 500,000 sf A required Industrial or Commercial loading berth may

loading berths shall be set back a distance equal to their length. ** 1 Commercial berth may be substituted by 2 Residential berths *** 1 Industrial berth may be substituted by 2 Commercial berths. 420 sf 1 per first 100 units 200 sf 1 per each additional 100 units or fraction of 100. Greater than 500,000 sf BertSize Loading Berths 660 sf 1 per first 100 units 200 sf 1 per each additional 100 units or fraction of 100. LODGING From 50,000 sf to 500,000 sf From 50,000 sf to 500,000 sf A required Industrial or Commercial loading berth may be substituted by a Commercial or Residential loading berth, by Waiver, if the size, character, and operation of the Use is found to not require the dimensions specified and the required loading berth dimension could not otherwise be provided according to the regulations of this Code. Berth Size Loading Berths Berth Size Loading Berths 420 sf 1 per 300 rooms 420 sf 1 per 300 rooms 200 sf 1 per 100 rooms 200 sf 1 per 100 rooms Greater than 500,000 sf Greater than 500,000 sf Berth Size Loading Berths Berth Size Loading Berths 660 sf 1 per 300 rooms 660 sf 1 per 300 rooms 200 sf 1 per 100 rooms 200 sf 1 per 100 rooms OFFICE COMMERCIAL** INDUSTRIAL*** (Total combined Floor Area) From 50,000 sf to 500,000 sf From 50,000 sf to 500,000 sf For Developments requiring one (1) loading berth, the loading berth shall be provided on- site. Developments requiring more than one (1) loading berth, a maximum of one (1) loading berth required may be provided onstreet. Berth Size Loading Berths Area Berth Size Loading Berths Area 420 sf 1st 50K sf - 100K sf 420 sf 1st 50K sf - 100K sf 420 sf 2nd 100K sf - 250K sf 420 sf 2nd 100K sf - 250K sf 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 547/614

SECTION 5 - SPECIFIC TO ZONES 5.1 URBAN CENTER TRANSECT ZONE (T5) a. Building Disposition 1. Lot Coverage by any Building shall not exceed eighty percent (80%) of Lot Area. Additional Lot Coverage may be approved up to ninety percent (90%) by Waiver if the applicant satisfies at least one (1) of the following conditions: Flexible Lot Coverage Program 2. Development Waiver associated with ten percent (10%) of any particular standard pursuant to Article 7, Section 7.1.2.5 shall not be permitted for Lot Coverage within NRD-1. 3. For sites with 250 feet Frontage length or more on a single Frontage, a cross-Block pedestrian Paseo shall be provided as follows: If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point more than 250 feet from a Thoroughfare intersection or existing cross-Block pedestrian Paseo, the Building shall provide a cross- Block pedestrian Paseo. A cross-Block Pedestrian Passage is permitted by Waiver, in lieu of a required cross-Block pedestrian Paseo, with limited vehicular access for ingress/egress to a Parking Garage or passenger drop-off area, provided the distance separation from any Thoroughfare or existing Driveway is at least sixty (60) feet and appropriate pedestrian safety features are incorporated. A cross-Block Pedestrian Passage may be roofed for 100% of its length within the NRD-1, but roofed portions shall not be counted toward Open Space requirements. If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point 550 feet from a Thoroughfare intersection or another vehicular cross-Block passage, a vehicular cross-Block passage shall be provided. b. Building Configuration 1. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall comply with Article 4, Table 2 and be as shown in Illustration 5.1, except as to bonus Height where applicable according to Sections 3.4 and 3.5 contained herein. For a ground floor retail Story with a total Height of twenty-five (25) feet, a parking level may be contained within the mezzanine space by Waiver if masked from the Frontage by a Liner Building or an art treatment of a design approved by the Director with the recommendation of the WDR, is provided for one hundred (100%) percent of that portion of the Facade. Louvers and other parking garage ventilation openings are not permitted along street Frontages within mezzanine space. 2. A one (1) Story Building may be allowed through the Warrant process provided that the ground level Story is no less than fourteen (14) feet in Height and one of the following is provided or a combination thereof: i. Green Roof treatment no less than fifty percent (50%) of the ground Development Floor Area; ii. On-site Civic Space Type including landscaping consisting of pavement, lawn, and trees as provided within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code of an area no less than forty percent (40%) of the Development Floor Area; or iii. A cash contribution to the Wynwood Public Benefits Trust Fund equivalent to the Development Lot Area on which the one (1) Story Building is placed. The value of this cash contribution will follow the

and one of the following is provided or a combination thereof: i. Green Roof treatment no less than fifty percent (50%) of the ground Development Floor Area; ii. On-site Civic Space Type including landscaping consisting of pavement, lawn, and trees as provided within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code of an area no less than forty percent (40%) of the Development Floor Area; or iii. A cash contribution to the Wynwood Public Benefits Trust Fund equivalent to the Development Lot Area on which the one (1) Story Building is placed. The value of this cash contribution will follow the provisions described in Section 3.3(b)(5). Drive-through/Drive-in Facility Uses shall not be allowed in one (1) Story Buildings. 3. Roof elements shall be permitted as follows: All other required loading berths for a development shall be provided on- site. Projects not required to provide Off-street loading shall operate loading as set forth in Section 3.1.2. 420 sf 3rd 250K sf - 500K sf 420 sf 3rd 250K sf - 500K sf Greater than 500,000 sf Greater than 500,000 sf Berth Size Loading Berths Area Berth Size Loading Berths Area 660 sf 1st 500K sf 660 sf 1st 500K sf Provision of a Roof Terrace in an amount of square footage equivalent to four (4) times the gross Lot Area obtained from increased Lot Coverage or twenty percent (20%) of the Building roof surface area, whichever amount is greater. a. Open Space provided off-site, within the NRD-1 boundaries, at an amount equal to the square footage obtained from increased Lot Coverage. The Open Space shall be provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. b. A cash contribution to the Wynwood Public Benefits Trust Fund equivalent to the Development’s Floor Area obtained by increased Lot Coverage on a square foot basis. The value of this cash contribution will follow the provisions described in Section 3.3 (b)(5). c. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 548/614 c. Building Function & Density Lots in T5 Transect Zones shall be permitted the maximum Density of 150 Dwelling Units per acre. d. Parking Standards Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be visually concealed from ground-level and lateral views by parapets or screens of the minimum height necessary , but said parapets and screens shall not exceed ten (10 feet). a. Ornamental Building features, decorative elements, or similar Structures on a roof may extend up to twelve (12) feet in height. b. Trellises and fabric shade structures on a roof may extend up to twelve (12) feet in height. c. Stair and elevator,enclosures may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height. d. Cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms on a roof may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from the Building Facades. e. Non-Habitable void space on a roof accommodating the depth of swimming pools; landscaping; decks; Extensive, Semi-Intensive, and Intensive Green Roof systems; transfer beams and other structural

may extend up to twelve (12) feet in height. b. Trellises and fabric shade structures on a roof may extend up to twelve (12) feet in height. c. Stair and elevator,enclosures may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height. d. Cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms on a roof may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from the Building Facades. e. Non-Habitable void space on a roof accommodating the depth of swimming pools; landscaping; decks; Extensive, Semi-Intensive, and Intensive Green Roof systems; transfer beams and other structural elements; and/or mechanical systems may extend up to six (6) feet in height. For the purposes of this subsection only, other permitted roof elements may extend above the vertical extent of the void space for the additional height specified. Non- Habitable void space may cover one hundred percent (100%) of the roof and shall not be counted as Public Benefit Floor Area. f. Habitable Spaces on the roof shall comply with the following requirements: g. may extend up to fourteen (14) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from Building Facades; 1. may be used as amenity or Commercial Uses identified within Section 4, Table 1 Building Function: Uses and shall provide associated outdoor roof programming; 2. shall not be used as Residential Units, Lodging Units, or Office space; and 3. shall be treated as Public Benefit Floor Area for the first twenty percent (20%) and 1.5 times Public Benefit Floor Area for the additional twenty percent (20%). 4. Habitable Spaces, cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms, mechanical equipment, and stair and elevator enclosures on a roof may: h. cover up to twenty percent (20%) of the roof area; and 1. cover an additional 20% of the roof area, not to exceed a total of forty percent (40%), subject to providing and maintaining at least one (1) of the following: 2. An Intensive Green Roof of an equivalent size of the additional area is provided and maintained; and/or a. Art treatment exceeding the minimum standards in Section 5.1.e is provided and maintained, subject to compliance with the following requirements: b. a tangible creation of an Artist; and i. compatible with Wynwood’s neighborhood character; and ii. located above the ground floor and visible from public thoroughfares; and iii. approved by the Planning Director with the recommendation of the Wynwood Design Review Committee (WDRC). iv. All roof elements shall be designed to: i. harmonize with the overall architectural intent of the building; 1. mitigate any negative visual impacts of the additional height and massing on the roof, and 2. comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria. 3. All roof elements shall be designed and maintained to comply with Florida Building Code including, where possible, the use of Notice of Acceptance (NOA) products and any vegetated roof system shall be independent of the roof structure, to be verified by the Building Department. j. 10/24/24, 12:48

recommendation of the Wynwood Design Review Committee (WDRC). iv. All roof elements shall be designed to: i. harmonize with the overall architectural intent of the building; 1. mitigate any negative visual impacts of the additional height and massing on the roof, and 2. comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria. 3. All roof elements shall be designed and maintained to comply with Florida Building Code including, where possible, the use of Notice of Acceptance (NOA) products and any vegetated roof system shall be independent of the roof structure, to be verified by the Building Department. j. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 549/614 1. Primary Frontage. All Parking, including drop-off drives and Porte-cocheres, open Parking areas, covered Parking, garages, Loading Spaces and service areas shall be located within the Third Layer and shall be masked from the Frontage by a Liner Building or Streetscreen as illustrated in Article 4, Table 8. Parking may extend into the Second Layer above the first Story, or parking level contained within a mezzanine space, by Waiver, if an art, glass, or architectural treatment, of a design to be approved by the Director, with the recommendation of the WDRC, is provided for one hundred (100%) percent of that portion of the Façade. Surface Parking may extend into the Second Layer a maximum of twenty-five percent (25%) of the length of the Primary Frontage up to a maximum of fifty (50) feet. 2. Secondary Frontage. All Parking, open Parking areas, covered Parking, garages, Loading Spaces and service areas shall be located in the Third Layer and shall be masked from the Frontage by a Liner Building or Streetscreen for a minimum of fifty percent (50%) of the length of the Frontage. Above ground Parking may extend into the Second Layer beyond fifty percent (50%) of the length of the Frontage, by Waiver, if an art, glass, or architectural treatment of a design to be approved by the Director is provided for that portion of the Facade. e. Architectural Standards 1. All newly constructed Principal Building Facades along Primary and Secondary Frontages shall: 2. Art or glass treatment shall be of a design to be approved by the Planning Director with the recommendation of the Wynwood Design Review Committee (WDRC). f. Landscape Standards 1. Open Space shall be a minimum of ten percent (10%) of the Lot Area. 2. A Privately-owned Public Open Space area in connection with a ground floor Commercial Use that exceeds minimum Open Space requirements, shall be provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. 3. The First Layer shall be hardscaped to match the Public Frontage as described within the adopted Wynwood Streetscape Master Plan. All improvements within the Public Right-of-Way shall comply with Section 8 — Wynwood Streetscape Master Plan. include and maintain art treatment along a minimum of twenty-five percent (25%) of the ground floor Facade or twenty-five percent (25%) of the Facade above the ground floor; and a. include a minimum

connection with a ground floor Commercial Use that exceeds minimum Open Space requirements, shall be provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. 3. The First Layer shall be hardscaped to match the Public Frontage as described within the adopted Wynwood Streetscape Master Plan. All improvements within the Public Right-of-Way shall comply with Section 8 — Wynwood Streetscape Master Plan. include and maintain art treatment along a minimum of twenty-five percent (25%) of the ground floor Facade or twenty-five percent (25%) of the Facade above the ground floor; and a. include a minimum of 70- percent (70%) art or glass treatment at the sidewalk level. b. BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area - With rear vehicular access 5,000 s.f. min.; 40,000 s.f. max. 1,200 s.f. min.; 40,000 s.f. max. b. Lot Width - With rear vehicular access 50 ft min. 16 ft. min. c. Lot Coverage 80 - 90% max.* d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max. BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 550/614 a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.*** b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.*** c. Side 0 ft. min. d. Rear 0 ft. min. e. Abutting Side or Rear T4 6 ft. min Abutting Side or Rear T3 10% of Lot depth**min. 1st through 2nd Story 26 ft. min. above 2nd Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C. prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T5 L and T5 O only) g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 551/614 5.2 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6) a. Building Disposition 1. Setbacks for Buildings shall be as shown in Illustration 1.7.2. Frontage Setbacks above the eighth floor for Lots having Depth measuring one hundred (100) feet or less may be a minimum of zero (0) feet by Waiver. At Property Lines Abutting a lower Transect Zone, the Setbacks shall reflect the transition as shown in Illustration 1.7.2. 2. The Frontage Setbacks above the eighth floor shall not be required for a Frontage facing a Right-of-Way seventy (70) feet or greater in width, as described within Section 1.13 NRD-1 Street Master Plan. 3. Above the eighth floor, minimum Building spacing is twenty (20) feet. 4. For sites with 250 feet Frontage length or more on a single Frontage, a cross-Block pedestrian Paseo shall be provided as follows: If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point more than 250 feet from a Thoroughfare intersection or existing cross-Block pedestrian Paseo, the Building shall provide a cross- Block pedestrian Paseo. A cross-Block Pedestrian Passage is permitted by Waiver, in lieu of a required cross-Block pedestrian Paseo, with limited vehicular access for ingress/egress to a Parking Garage or passenger drop-off area, provided the distance

Above the eighth floor, minimum Building spacing is twenty (20) feet. 4. For sites with 250 feet Frontage length or more on a single Frontage, a cross-Block pedestrian Paseo shall be provided as follows: If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point more than 250 feet from a Thoroughfare intersection or existing cross-Block pedestrian Paseo, the Building shall provide a cross- Block pedestrian Paseo. A cross-Block Pedestrian Passage is permitted by Waiver, in lieu of a required cross-Block pedestrian Paseo, with limited vehicular access for ingress/egress to a Parking Garage or passenger drop-off area, provided the distance separation from any Thoroughfare or existing Driveway is at least sixty (60) feet and appropriate pedestrian safety features are incorporated. A cross-Block Pedestrian Passage may be roofed for 100% of its length within the NRD-1, but roofed portions shall not be counted toward Open Space requirements. If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point 550 feet from a Thoroughfare intersection or another vehicular cross-Block passage, a vehicular cross-Block passage shall be provided. b. Building Configuration 1. Above the eighth floor, the Building Floorplate dimensions shall be limited as follows: 2. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall comply with Article 4, Table 2 of this Code and be as shown in Illustration 5.2, except as to bonus Height where applicable according to Sections 3.4 and 3.5 contained herein. For a ground floor retail Story with a total height of twenty-five (25) feet, a parking level may be contained within the mezzanine space by Waiver if masked from the Frontage by a Liner Building or an art treatment of a design approved by the Director with the recommendation of the WDRC is provided for one hundred (100%) percent of that portion of the Facade. Louvers and other parking garage ventilation openings are not permitted along street Frontages within mezzanine space. BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories **** b. Max. Height 5 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height 3 Stories (T5 O only) Abutting all Transect Zones except T3 * Or as modified through Flexible Lot Coverage Program ** 10% of Lot depth for Lots more than 120’ deep 6’ min for Lots less than 120’ deep *** Or as modified within NRD-1 Street Master Plan **** Or as modified within Section 5.1 (b)(2) 18,000 square feet maximum for Residential Uses. a. Additional Residential Floorplate dimensions not to exceed 30,000 square feet maximum may be obtained by Waiver from transferring an equivalent amount of Floorplate area located between the third and eighth Story along a Building Principal Frontage. b. 30,000 square feet maximum for Commercial Uses and for parking c. 180 feet maximum length for Residential Uses d. 215 feet maximum length for Commercial Uses e. Balconies or any other exterior projections shall not project by a distance greater than seven (7) feet beyond the Building Floorplate maximum length in any direction f. Balconies shall not encroach more than five (5) feet into the minimum required Building

to exceed 30,000 square feet maximum may be obtained by Waiver from transferring an equivalent amount of Floorplate area located between the third and eighth Story along a Building Principal Frontage. b. 30,000 square feet maximum for Commercial Uses and for parking c. 180 feet maximum length for Residential Uses d. 215 feet maximum length for Commercial Uses e. Balconies or any other exterior projections shall not project by a distance greater than seven (7) feet beyond the Building Floorplate maximum length in any direction f. Balconies shall not encroach more than five (5) feet into the minimum required Building spacing dimensions as required by Section 5.6.1.h; no Waivers shall be applied to this provision g. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 552/614 3. Roof elements shall be permitted as follows: Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be visually concealed from ground-level and lateral views by parapets or screens of the minimum height necessary , but said parapets and screens shall not exceed ten (10 feet) in height for T6-8. a. Ornamental Building features, decorative elements, or similar Structures on a roof may extend up to twelve (12) feet in height for T6-8. b. Trellises and fabric shade structures on a roof may extend up to fourteen (14) feet in height. c. Stairand elevator enclosures, on a roof for T6-8 may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height. d. Cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms on a roof may extend up to eighteen (18) feet and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from the Building Facades. e. There shall be no height limitation for ornamental elements, stair and elevator enclosures, mechanical equipment, or cooling towers on a roof for a T6- 12 Transect Zone or above. f. Non-Habitable void space on a roof accommodating the depth of swimming pools; landscaping; decks; Extensive, Semi-Intensive, and Intensive Green Roof systems; transfer beams and other structural elements; and/or mechanical systems may extend up to six (6) feet in height. For the purposes of this subsection only, other permitted roof elements may extend above the vertical extent of the void space for the additional height specified. Non- Habitable void space may cover one hundred percent (100%) of the roof and shall not be counted as Public Benefit Floor Area. g. Habitable Spaces above the top Story shall comply with the following requirements: h. may extend up to fourteen (14) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from Building Facades; 1. may be used as amenity or Commercial Uses identified within Section 4, Table 1 Building Function: Uses and shall provide associated outdoor roof programming; 2. shall not be used as Residential Units, Lodging Units, or Office space; and 3. shall be treated as Public Benefit Floor Area for the first twenty percent (20%) and 1.5 times Public Benefit Floor Area for the additional twenty percent (20%). 4. Habitable Spaces, cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms, mechanical equipment, and stair and elevator enclosures on a roof

height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from Building Facades; 1. may be used as amenity or Commercial Uses identified within Section 4, Table 1 Building Function: Uses and shall provide associated outdoor roof programming; 2. shall not be used as Residential Units, Lodging Units, or Office space; and 3. shall be treated as Public Benefit Floor Area for the first twenty percent (20%) and 1.5 times Public Benefit Floor Area for the additional twenty percent (20%). 4. Habitable Spaces, cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms, mechanical equipment, and stair and elevator enclosures on a roof may: i. cover up to twenty percent (20%) of the roof area; and 1. cover an additional 20% of the roof area, not to exceed a total of forty percent (40%), subject to providing and maintaining at least one (1) of the following: 2. An Intensive Green Roof of an equivalent size of the additional area is provided and maintained; and/or a. Art treatment exceeding the minimum standards in Section 5.1.e is provided and maintained, subject to compliance with the following requirements: b. a tangible creation of an Artist; i. compatible with Wynwood’s neighborhood character; ii. located above the ground floor and visible from public thoroughfares; and iii. approved by the Planning Director with the recommendation of the Wynwood Design Review Committee (WDRC). iv. All roof elements shall be designed to: j. harmonize with the overall architectural intent of the building; 1. mitigate any negative visual impacts of the additional height and massing on the roof; and 2. comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria. 3. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 553/614 4. Walkway connections for circulation between Towers shall be non-Habitable Spaces. Walkway connections shall be excluded from, and not be considered as combining Building Floorplate dimensions required by this Section, so long as the walkway connection is located within the Third Layer, no greater than fifteen (15) feet in width, set back from the Façade a minimum of twenty (20) feet, walkway connections shall not be enclosed on the sides or, if enclosed, shall be one hundred percent (100%) glazed with clear glass, except for necessary structural elements. Projects providing walkway connections shall be required to comply with the minimum Building spacing requirements between towers as set forth in Appendix J, Section 5.2.a.3. c. Building Function & Density FLR limitations shall not apply to T6-8-O properties within the NRD-1.J.28 d. Architectural Standards 1. All newly constructed Principal Building Facades along Primary and Secondary Frontages shall: 2. Art or glass treatment shall be of a design to be approved by the Planning Director with the recommendation of the Wynwood Design Review Committee (WDRC). e. Landscape Standards The First Layer shall be hardscaped to match the Public Frontage as described within the adopted Wynwood Streetscape Master Plan. All improvements within the Public Right-of-Way shall comply with Section 8 — Wynwood Streetscape Master Plan. All roof elements shall be designed and maintained to comply with Florida Building Code including,

within the NRD-1.J.28 d. Architectural Standards 1. All newly constructed Principal Building Facades along Primary and Secondary Frontages shall: 2. Art or glass treatment shall be of a design to be approved by the Planning Director with the recommendation of the Wynwood Design Review Committee (WDRC). e. Landscape Standards The First Layer shall be hardscaped to match the Public Frontage as described within the adopted Wynwood Streetscape Master Plan. All improvements within the Public Right-of-Way shall comply with Section 8 — Wynwood Streetscape Master Plan. All roof elements shall be designed and maintained to comply with Florida Building Code including, where possible, the use of Notice of Acceptance (NOA) products and any vegetated roof system shall be independent of the roof structure, to be verified by the Building Department. k. include and maintain art treatment along a minimum of twenty-five percent (25%) of the ground floor Facade or twenty-five percent (25%) of the Facade above the ground floor; and a. include a minimum of 70- percent (70%) art or glass treatment at the sidewalk level. b. BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT PARKING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min.; 40,000 s.f. max. b. Lot Width 50 ft min. c. Lot Coverage - 1-8 Stories 80% max. - Above 8th Story 18,000 sq. ft. max. Floorplate for Residential & Lodging**** 30,000 sq. ft. max. Floorplate for Office & Commercial d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 554/614 f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max.* BUILDING SETBACK BUILDING HEIGHT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.***; 15 ft. min. above 8th Story b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.***; 15 ft. min. above 8th Story c. Side 0 ft. min.; 10 ft. min. above 8th Story d. Rear 0 ft. min.; 10 ft. min. above 8th Story e. Abutting Side or Rear T4 6 ft. min. 1st through 5th Story 26 ft. min. above 5th Story Abutting Side or Rear T3 10% of Lot depth** min. 1st through 2nd Story 26 ft. min. 3rd through 5th Story 46 ft. min. above 5th Story 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 555/614

SECTION 6 - LANDSCAPE REQUIREMENTS Within the NRD-1, Article 9 of this Code shall apply, except as modified below. If such requirements conflict, NRD-1 requirements shall apply. 6.1 INTENT AND PURPOSE Within the NRD-1, Article 9 of this Code shall apply, except as modified below or within the Wynwood Streetscape Master Plan. If such requirements conflict, NRD- 1 requirements shall apply. 6.2 LANDSCAPE AREAS IN PARKING LOTS BUILDING CONFIGURATION FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C. prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T6-8 L and T6-8 O only) g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories b. Max. Height 8 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height 4 Stories Abutting all Transects Zones except T3 "* Or as modified in Diagram 9" "** 10% of Lot depth for Lots more than 120’ deep 6’ min for Lots less than 120’ deep" "*** Or as modified within NRD-1 Street Master Pla" "**** Or as modified within Section 1.7.2 (b)(1)(i)" 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 556/614 All required or provided surface off-street Parking facilities and Parking lots shall be landscaped in accordance with the following standards, which supersede Section 9.8 of this Code: a. In order to maximize the distribution of shade, trees shall be planted throughout the interior of the Parking Lot at a minimum density of one (1) tree per eighty (80) square feet of landscaped area, exclusive of Parking lot buffers. b. For each row of parking there shall be landscaped areas with trees within the first ninety (90) linear feet, and one (1) landscaped area provided with a tree for each additional ninety (90) linear feet. When a minimum six (6) foot clear landscape area is provided between two (2) rows of parking, the landscape areas with trees every ninety (90) linear feet is not required. This six (6) foot wide landscape area shall be planted with trees no greater than thirty (30) feet on-center. c. For each row of parallel parking there shall be a minimum of two (2) landscape areas with trees within the first seventy-five (75) linear feet, and one (1) landscape area with a tree for each additional seventy-five (75) linear feet. The landscape areas shall be equally spaced wherever possible. d. All required trees shall be of an approved shade tree variety which shall attain a minimum mature crown spread greater than fifteen (15) feet. e. All parking lots adjacent to a Right-of-Way or private street shall be screened by a continuous planting or three (3) foot high wall with a five (5) foot landscaped strip incorporating said planting or wall on private property. f. Screening shall be provided when parking stalls, access aisles, or driveways are located along any side or rear lot line. The screen shall be landscaped with a continuous hedge, and with trees no greater than thirty (30) feet on center, when the landscaped area does not

variety which shall attain a minimum mature crown spread greater than fifteen (15) feet. e. All parking lots adjacent to a Right-of-Way or private street shall be screened by a continuous planting or three (3) foot high wall with a five (5) foot landscaped strip incorporating said planting or wall on private property. f. Screening shall be provided when parking stalls, access aisles, or driveways are located along any side or rear lot line. The screen shall be landscaped with a continuous hedge, and with trees no greater than thirty (30) feet on center, when the landscaped area does not abut a parking row. In certain instances, a solid and continuous wall or fence, a minimum of five (5) feet in height, may be used in lieu of the landscape area, and shall be designed and approved by the Director with the recommendation of the WDRC, in such a way as to provide a decorative effect.

SECTION 7 - SIGN REGULATIONS 7.1 NRD-1 SIGN STANDARDS The following Sign standards shall apply within NRD-1 for T5, T6, and D1 Transect Zones. a. Painted Wall Signs as defined within Article 1, Section 1.3 and Article 10, Table 15 shall be allowed by Right. b. All other Building Identification and Business Identification Signs shall be subject to Article 10, Table 15 Sign Design Standards and approved by the Director with the recommendation of the WDRC. c. Any Signs, including digital kiosks, located within the Public Right-of-Way shall be approved by the Department of Resilience and Public Works with the recommendation from the Wynwood BID.

SECTION 8 - STREETSCAPE MASTER PLAN 8.1 NRD-1 STREETSCAPE MASTER PLAN Wynwood is transitioning from an industrial district into an active, diverse, mixed-use neighborhood. The current character of the neighborhood is demarcated, traversed, and connected by atypical block compositions and narrow rights-of-way attributed to the industrial past. The neighborhood' s predominately zoned fifty-foot ( 50') rights-of-way combined with a high percentage of nonconforming parcels makes it a challenge to balance feasible development and an adequate pedestrian environment. The NRD-1 Streetscape Master Plan creates a series of rights-of-way, establishes appropriate Setback areas and ideal sidewalk conditions to promote pedestrian activity for the future of Wynwood. Right-of-Way Street Types have been established by the City's Planning Department and Resilience and Public Works Department and applied to Wynwood's Thoroughfare network based on right-of-way width and conditions as identified in Illustration 8.3: Guidelines to specific street types. The NRD-1 Streetscape Master Plan also serves as a set of Design Guidelines establishing a blueprint for a " living street" consisting of street trees and other streetscape enhancements. NRD-1 Street Hierarchy The NRD-1 Street Master Plan acknowledges the relative importance of several significant Corridors known as Wynwood Corridors and NRD-1 Corridors. Due to their importance, these Corridors are given established setback provisions that are different from that of the underlying Transect Zone. a. NRD-1 Setbacks b. NRD-1 STREETS SETBACKS Wynwood Corridors NW 29th Street NW 20th Street Principal and Secondary Frontage Setback is ten (10) feet NRD-1 Corridors NW 2nd Avenue NW 5th Avenue Principal Frontage Setback is zero (0) feet 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 557/614 8.2 STREETSCAPE DESIGN GUIDELINES The NRD- 1 Streetscape Guidelines shall serve as a set of requirements to improve and enhance Right-of-Way conditions. These enhancements are in conjunction with the overall intent established in the NRD-1 and will provide provisions for street trees and landscape, paving materials and hardscape, and furnishing and lighting elements. The NRD- 1 Streetscape Guidelines consist of the following volumes and shall be maintained by the Planning Department: Volume 1: Guidelines Master Plan Volume 2: Data, Analysis and Illustrations Volume 3: Design Resources Volume 4: Schematic Design Sets Appendix K - MANA Wynwood MANA Wynwood Special Area Plan Project Ordinance 15-00977ap (Passed) SAP - Mana Wynwood AN ORDINANCE OF THE MIAMI CITY COMMISSION, WITH ATTACHMENT(S), PURSUANT TO ARTICLES 3 AND 7 OF THE MIAMI 21 CODE, THE ZONING ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA ("MIAMI 21 CODE"), AS AMENDED, APPROVING THE REZONING OF CERTAIN PARCELS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF APPROXIMATELY 23.46 ACRES (1,022,917 SQUARE FEET) FOR THE MANA WYNWOOD SPECIAL AREA PLAN ("MANA WYNWOOD SAP"), A MIXED USE DEVELOPMENT COMPRISED OF SELECTED PARCELS, BOUNDED APPROXIMATELY BY NORTHWEST 24TH STREET TO THE Wynwood Thoroughfares All the other street right-of-way within NRD-1 that are not specified as Corridors above Principal and Secondary Frontage Setback is five (5) feet Alternative Rights-of-Way Alternative right-of-way sections have been created for thoroughfares between fifty (50) and one hundred (100) feet in width. A Woonerf has also been provided as an alternative

21 CODE"), AS AMENDED, APPROVING THE REZONING OF CERTAIN PARCELS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF APPROXIMATELY 23.46 ACRES (1,022,917 SQUARE FEET) FOR THE MANA WYNWOOD SPECIAL AREA PLAN ("MANA WYNWOOD SAP"), A MIXED USE DEVELOPMENT COMPRISED OF SELECTED PARCELS, BOUNDED APPROXIMATELY BY NORTHWEST 24TH STREET TO THE Wynwood Thoroughfares All the other street right-of-way within NRD-1 that are not specified as Corridors above Principal and Secondary Frontage Setback is five (5) feet Alternative Rights-of-Way Alternative right-of-way sections have been created for thoroughfares between fifty (50) and one hundred (100) feet in width. A Woonerf has also been provided as an alternative right-of-way type and applied to several locations throughout the NRD-1. The application of these Alternative right-of- way conditions can be seen within the Streetscape Master Plan Volume 1: Design Guidelines. c. NRD-1 Streetscape Master Plan Contribution d. Street Tree Contribution: For street tree placement along Wvnwood Thoroughfares and Wvnwood/NRD Corridor, the applicant shall provide street trees pursuant to Streetscape Master Plan Volume 1: Design Guidelines. For adaptive reuse projects that have limited verge space less than four (4) feet in width, projects shall provide a cash contribution into the Wynwood Public Benefit Trust Fund for the sum of three thousand dollars ($ 3,000.00) for each street tree required along a corridor Frontage. 1. Right-of-Way Improvement Contribution: For a development project exceeding $ 1, 000, 000. 00 in total value along a Wynwood Thoroughfare or Wynwood/ NRD Corridor, the applicant shall provide enhanced Right-of-Way improvements pursuant to Streetscape Master Plan Volume 1: Design Guidelines. If improvements cannot be achieved by a development, projects may provide a cash contribution into the Enhanced Right-of-Way Improvement Trust Fund in the total amount anticipated for the Right-of-Way improvements identified within Volume 2: Data, Analysis, and Illustrations. 2. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 558/614 NORTH INCLUDING SPECIFIC PARCELS FRONTING NORTHWEST 24TH STREET TO THE NORTH, NORTHWEST 6TH AVENUE TO THE WEST, NORTHWEST 22ND STREET TO THE SOUTH, AND NORTHWEST 2ND AVENUE TO THE EAST, MIAMI, FLORIDA, AS DESCRIBED IN EXHIBIT "A", ATTACHED AND INCORPORATED; THE MANA WYNWOOD SAP CONSISTS OF A PHASED PROJECT DIVIDED INTO SIX (6) PARTS WHICH INCLUDES APPROXIMATELY 9,719,083 SQUARE FEET OF DEVELOPMENT CONSISTING OF THE FOLLOWING: A) APPROXIMATELY 3,482 RESIDENTIAL UNITS; B) APPROXIMATELY 8,483 PARKING SPACES; C) APPROXIMATELY 51,146 SQUARE FEET OF CIVIC SPACE; AND D) APPROXIMATELY 168,287 SQUARE FEET OF OPEN SPACE; THE MANA WYNWOOD SAP WILL MODIFY THE TRANSECT ZONE REGULATIONS THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO THE SUBJECT PARCELS, WHERE A SECTION IS NOT SPECIFICALLY MODIFIED, THE REGULATION AND RESTRICTION OF THE MIAMI 21 CODE SHALL APPLY; THE SQUARE FOOTAGES ABOVE ARE APPROXIMATE AND MAY INCREASE OR DECREASE AT TIME OF BUILDING PERMIT BUT SHALL NOT EXCEED 9,719,083 SQUARE FEET OF DEVELOPMENT; MAKING FINDINGS OF FACT AND STATING CONCLUSIONS OF LAW; PROVIDING FOR BINDING EFFECT; CONTAINING A SEVERABILITY CLAUSE; AND PROVIDING FOR AN EFFECTIVE DATE. ..Fiscal Impact LOCATION: Approximately Northwest 24th Street to the north, Northwest 6th Avenue to the west, Northwest 22nd Street to the south and Northwest 2nd Avenue

REGULATIONS THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO THE SUBJECT PARCELS, WHERE A SECTION IS NOT SPECIFICALLY MODIFIED, THE REGULATION AND RESTRICTION OF THE MIAMI 21 CODE SHALL APPLY; THE SQUARE FOOTAGES ABOVE ARE APPROXIMATE AND MAY INCREASE OR DECREASE AT TIME OF BUILDING PERMIT BUT SHALL NOT EXCEED 9,719,083 SQUARE FEET OF DEVELOPMENT; MAKING FINDINGS OF FACT AND STATING CONCLUSIONS OF LAW; PROVIDING FOR BINDING EFFECT; CONTAINING A SEVERABILITY CLAUSE; AND PROVIDING FOR AN EFFECTIVE DATE. ..Fiscal Impact LOCATION: Approximately Northwest 24th Street to the north, Northwest 6th Avenue to the west, Northwest 22nd Street to the south and Northwest 2nd Avenue to the east [Commissioner Keon Hardemon - District 5] APPLICANT(S): Iris Escarra, Esquire on behalf of Manningan Holdings, LLC, Marcella Realty, LLC, Megan Holdings, LLC, Melanie Holding, LLC Mizrachi Holdings, LLC, Wynwood Holdings, LLC, 2294 NW 2 Avenue Property LLC, Mapton Holdings, LLC, Malux Realty LLC, Milana Holdings LLC and Millie Realty LLC FINDING(S): PLANNING AND ZONING DEPARTMENT: Recommended approval with conditions. PLANNING, ZONING AND APPEALS BOARD: Recommended approval with conditions on March 2, 2016, by a vote of 11-0. PURPOSE: This will allow the area to be Master Planned to allow a greater integration of public improvements and infrastructure and greater flexibility as part of the Mana Wynwood SAP. ..Body WHEREAS, the Mana Wynwood Special Area Plan ("Mana Wynwood SAP") consists of approximately 23.46 ± acres of selected parcels, as described in Exhibit "A", attached and incorporated, qualifying as a Special Area Plan ("SAP") as per Article 3, Section 3.9 of the Miami 21 Code, the Zoning Ordinance of the City of Miami, Florida, as amended ("Miami 21 Code"); and WHEREAS, the aforementioned location for the proposed Mana Wynwood SAP currently contains underutilized buildings and vacant lots, and the entire development will consist of approximately 9,719,083 square feet of development with A) approximately 3,487 residential units; B) approximately 8,483 parking spaces; C) approximately 51,146 square feet of Civic Space; and D) approximately 168,287 square feet of open space; and WHEREAS, the proposed Mana Wynwood SAP will facilitate the redevelopment and benefit the area by creating residential units, flex space and commercial uses as well as civic and open space for the enjoyment of the general public; and WHEREAS, the requested Mana Wynwood SAP will integrate public improvements and infrastructure while providing greater flexibility resulting in a higher quality of specialized building and streetscape design; and WHEREAS, projects such as this are critically important to the economic revitalization and enhancement of the City of Miami ("City") in general, and specifically the Wynwood Neighborhood; and WHEREAS, the Mana Wynwood SAP will create certain recurring and non-recurring financial benefits as well as temporary and permanent jobs; and WHEREAS, the Miami Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board ("PZAB"), at its meeting on March 2, 2016, following an advertised public hearing, adopted Resolution No PZAB-R-16-013 by a vote of eleven to zero (11-0), item No. PZAB.1, recommending APPROVAL, with conditions, of the Mana Wynwood SAP; and WHEREAS, the City Commission, after careful consideration of the

this are critically important to the economic revitalization and enhancement of the City of Miami ("City") in general, and specifically the Wynwood Neighborhood; and WHEREAS, the Mana Wynwood SAP will create certain recurring and non-recurring financial benefits as well as temporary and permanent jobs; and WHEREAS, the Miami Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board ("PZAB"), at its meeting on March 2, 2016, following an advertised public hearing, adopted Resolution No PZAB-R-16-013 by a vote of eleven to zero (11-0), item No. PZAB.1, recommending APPROVAL, with conditions, of the Mana Wynwood SAP; and WHEREAS, the City Commission, after careful consideration of the matter, deems it advisable and in the best interest of the general welfare of the City and its citizens to amend the Miami 21 Code as hereinafter set forth; NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Ordinance are hereby adopted by reference thereto and incorporated herein as if fully set forth in this Section. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 559/614 Section 2. The Mana Wynwood SAP, attached hereto, is approved subject to the conditions specified herein, and as amended in the Miami 21 Code. Section 3. The Mana Wynwood SAP includes lower ranking SAP Permits as set forth in the Regulating Plan of the SAP, attached hereto as "Exhibit B", which shall be reviewed for approval by the Department of Planning and Zoning. Section 4. The findings of fact set forth below are made with respect to the subject Mana Wynwood SAP: a. The Mana Wynwood SAP is consistent with the adopted Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, as amended ("MCNP"); b. The City Commission further finds that: (1) The Mana Wynwood SAP will have a favorable impact on the economy of the City; (2) The Mana Wynwood SAP will efficiently use public transportation facilities; (3) Any potentially adverse effects of the development will be mitigated through compliance with the conditions of this Mana Wynwood SAP; (4) The Mana Wynwood SAP will efficiently use existing public or civic spaces; (5) The Mana Wynwood SAP will not negatively impact the environment and natural resources of the City; (6) The Mana Wynwood SAP will not adversely affect living conditions in the neighborhood; (7) The Mana Wynwood SAP will not adversely affect public safety; (8) Based on the record presented and evidence presented, the public welfare will be served by the Mana Wynwood SAP; and (9) Any potentially adverse effects arising from this development not limited to safety and security, fire protection, solid waste, heritage conservation and trees will be mitigated through compliance with the conditions of this Mana Wynwood SAP. Section 5. The Mana Wynwood SAP, inclusive of the Regulating Plan, attached and incorporated as Exhibit "B", Concept Book, attached and incorporated as Exhibit "C", and Executive Summary, attached and incorporated as Exhibit "D", as approved, shall be binding upon the Mana Wynwood Applicant Entities ("Applicant") and any successors in interest. Section 6. The application

will be served by the Mana Wynwood SAP; and (9) Any potentially adverse effects arising from this development not limited to safety and security, fire protection, solid waste, heritage conservation and trees will be mitigated through compliance with the conditions of this Mana Wynwood SAP. Section 5. The Mana Wynwood SAP, inclusive of the Regulating Plan, attached and incorporated as Exhibit "B", Concept Book, attached and incorporated as Exhibit "C", and Executive Summary, attached and incorporated as Exhibit "D", as approved, shall be binding upon the Mana Wynwood Applicant Entities ("Applicant") and any successors in interest. Section 6. The application for Mana Wynwood SAP, which was submitted on June 17, 2015, and on file with the Hearing Boards Section of the Department of Planning and Zoning, shall be relied upon generally for administrative interpretations and is incorporated by reference. Section 7. The City Manager is directed to instruct the Director of Planning and Zoning to transmit a copy of this Ordinance and attachments to the Applicant upon final approval. Section 8. The Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law are made with respect to the Mana Wynwood SAP as described herein and in documents incorporated hereto. Section 9. The Mana Wynwood SAP is granted and approved. Section 10. In the event that any portion or section of this Ordinance or the Mana Wynwood SAP is determined to be invalid, illegal, or unconstitutional by a court or agency of competent jurisdiction, such decision shall in no manner affect the remaining portions of this Ordinance or Mana Wynwood SAP which shall remain in full force and effect. Section 11. The provisions for this Mana Wynwood SAP, as approved, shall commence and become operative thirty (30) days after the final adoption of the Ordinance. {1} CONDITIONS: Based on analysis and findings, the Department of Planning and Zoning recommends approval of the Mana Wynwood SAP with the following conditions which are adopted and approved by the City Commission: 1) Comply with all applicable building codes, land development regulations, ordinances, and other laws and pay all applicable fees due prior to the issuance of any building permit. 2) Allow the Miami Police Department ("MPD") to conduct a security survey, at MPD's discretion, and make recommendations concerning security measures and systems; and to submit a report to the Department of Planning and Zoning, prior to commencement of construction, demonstrating how the MPD recommendations, if any, have been incorporated into the Mana Wynwood SAP security and construction plans, or demonstrate to the Director of Planning and Zoning why such recommendations are impractical. 3) Obtain approval from, or provide a letter from, the Fire-Rescue Department indicating Applicant's coordination with members of the Fire Plan Review Section at the Fire-Rescue Department in the review of the scope of the Mana Wynwood SAP, owner responsibility, building development process and review 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 560/614 procedures, as well as specific requirements for fire protection and life safety systems, exiting, vehicular access and water supply. 4) Obtain approval from, or

been incorporated into the Mana Wynwood SAP security and construction plans, or demonstrate to the Director of Planning and Zoning why such recommendations are impractical. 3) Obtain approval from, or provide a letter from, the Fire-Rescue Department indicating Applicant's coordination with members of the Fire Plan Review Section at the Fire-Rescue Department in the review of the scope of the Mana Wynwood SAP, owner responsibility, building development process and review 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 560/614 procedures, as well as specific requirements for fire protection and life safety systems, exiting, vehicular access and water supply. 4) Obtain approval from, or provide a letter of assurance from, the Solid Waste Department ("Solid Waste") that the Mana Wynwood SAP has addressed all the concerns of Solid Waste prior to obtaining a building permit. 5) Comply with the Minority Participation and Employment Plan (including a Contractor/Subcontractor Participation Plan) submitted to the City as part of the Application for Development Approval, with the understanding that the Applicant must use its best efforts to follow the provisions of the City's Minority/Women Business Affairs and Procurement Program as a guide, as applicable. 6) Record the following in the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida, prior to the issuance of any building permit: a. Declaration of Covenants and Restrictions, subject to the review and approval of the City Attorney's Office, providing that the ownership, operation, and maintenance of all common areas and facilities will be by the property owner or a mandatory property owner association in perpetuity; and b. A Unity of Title or a Covenant in Lieu of a Unity of Title, if applicable, subject to the review and approval of the Department of Planning and Zoning and the City Attorney's Office. 7) Prior to the issuance of any building permit, provide the Department of Planning and Zoning with a recorded copy of the documents mentioned in condition (6) above. 8) Provide the Department of Planning and Zoning with a temporary construction plan that addresses construction phasing and includes the following elements: a. Temporary construction parking plan with an enforcement policy; b. Construction noise management plan with an enforcement policy; and c. Maintenance plan for the temporary construction site which shall be subject to the review and approval by the Department of Planning and Zoning prior to the issuance of any building permits and shall be enforced during construction activity. All construction activity shall remain in full compliance with the provisions of the submitted construction plan. Failure to comply may lead to a suspension or revocation of this Mana Wynwood SAP. As applicable, the Applicant shall be responsible for securing the City's approval for any change or modification to the approved temporary construction plan. Request for approval of any change or modification to the previously approved temporary construction plan shall be submitted for review and approval no later than two (2) weeks prior to the implementation of such a requested change or modification. (9) Prior to the issuance of any building permit for the Mana Wynwood

full compliance with the provisions of the submitted construction plan. Failure to comply may lead to a suspension or revocation of this Mana Wynwood SAP. As applicable, the Applicant shall be responsible for securing the City's approval for any change or modification to the approved temporary construction plan. Request for approval of any change or modification to the previously approved temporary construction plan shall be submitted for review and approval no later than two (2) weeks prior to the implementation of such a requested change or modification. (9) Prior to the issuance of any building permit for the Mana Wynwood SAP, the Applicant shall provide the Department of Planning and Zoning for review for compliance and further approval: a. Sufficiency Letter from the City's Office of Transportation; b. Final determination of Public School Concurrency and Capacity Reservation; c. Conservation Assessment Report as portions of the project are located within a High Archeological Probability Zone; and d. Proof of compliance with conditions established by the following departments or agencies, specifically: i. City Public Works Departments; ii. Miami-Dade County Water and Sewer Department; iii. Miami-Dade County Traffic Engineering Division; iv. Miami-Dade County Transportation and Public Works Department; and v. Florida Department of Transportation. 10) The Mana Wynwood SAP includes a Development Review Process which addresses the build out of the individual buildings as identified in the Regulating Plan. All development within the Mana Wynwood SAP shall be submitted for the review and approval by the Director of Planning and Zoning prior to the issuance of any building permit consistent with the requirements of Article 3, Section 3.9.1(g) of the Miami 21 Code and the Mana Wynwood SAP. 11) Within ninety (90) days of the effective date of this Ordinance, record a certified copy of the Development Agreement, in a form acceptable to the City Attorney, specifying that the Development Agreement runs with the land and is binding on the Applicant, its successors, and assigns, jointly or severally. 12) The Applicant shall comply with the conditions identified in the Miami 21 Code, the Mana Wynwood SAP and all applicable local, state, and federal regulations. THE CITY OF MIAMI SHALL: Establish the operative date of the associated Development Agreement as being thirty (30) days from the date of its final adoption of the Development Agreement. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 561/614 CONCLUSIONS OF LAW: The Mana Wynwood SAP, as approved, complies with the MCNP as amended, is consistent with the orderly development and goals of the City, and complies with local land development regulations pursuant to the Miami 21 Code. ..Footnote {1} This Ordinance shall become effective as specified herein unless vetoed by the Mayor within ten (10) days from the date it was passed and adopted. If the Mayor vetoes this Ordinance, it shall become effective immediately upon override of the veto by the City Commission or upon the effective date stated herein, whichever is later. Development Agreement Ordinance 15-00977da (Passed) Development Agreement - MANA SAP AN ORDINANCE OF THE MIAMI CITY COMMISSION,

as amended, is consistent with the orderly development and goals of the City, and complies with local land development regulations pursuant to the Miami 21 Code. ..Footnote {1} This Ordinance shall become effective as specified herein unless vetoed by the Mayor within ten (10) days from the date it was passed and adopted. If the Mayor vetoes this Ordinance, it shall become effective immediately upon override of the veto by the City Commission or upon the effective date stated herein, whichever is later. Development Agreement Ordinance 15-00977da (Passed) Development Agreement - MANA SAP AN ORDINANCE OF THE MIAMI CITY COMMISSION, WITH ATTACHMENT(S), APPROVING A DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT, PURSUANT TO CHAPTER 163, FLORIDA STATUTES, BETWEEN THE MANA WYNWOOD APPLICANT ENTITIES, AS DESCRIBED IN EXHIBIT "A", ATTACHED AND INCORPORATED, AND THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA, RELATING TO THE REZONING OF CERTAIN PARCELS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF APPROXIMATELY 23.46 ÄÂ ACRES FOR THE MANA WYNWOOD SPECIAL AREA PLAN ("MANA WYNWOOD SAP"), COMPRISED OF SELECTED PARCELS, BOUND APPROXIMATELY BY NORTHWEST 24TH STREET TO THE NORTH INCLUDING SPECIFIC PARCELS FRONTING NORTHWEST 24TH STREET TO THE NORTH, NORTHWEST 6TH AVENUE TO THE WEST, NORTHWEST 22ND STREET TO THE SOUTH, AND NORTHWEST 2ND AVENUE TO THE EAST, MIAMI, FLORIDA, AS DESCRIBED IN EXHIBIT "B", ATTACHED AND INCORPORATED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE REDEVELOPMENT OF THE SELECT PARCELS FOR MIXED USES; AUTHORIZING THE FOLLOWING USES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO: RESIDENTIAL, COMMERCIAL, LODGING, CIVIC, EDUCATIONAL AND CIVIL SUPPORT, PARKING GARAGE AND ANY OTHER USES AUTHORIZED BY THE MANA WYNWOOD SAP, AND PERMITTED BY THE MIAMI COMPREHENSIVE NEIGHBORHOOD PLAN - FUTURE LAND USE MAP DESIGNATION AND THE MIAMI 21 CODE, THE ZONING ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF MIAMI; AUTHORIZING A DENSITY OF APPROXIMATELY 150 UNITS PER ACRE; AUTHORIZING A BUILDING HEIGHT OF BETWEEN 1 AND 24 STORIES BASED ON THE TRANSECT ZONE, INCLUSIVE OF AVAILABLE BONUSES; AUTHORIZING THE CITY MANAGER TO EXECUTE THE DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT, IN SUBSTANTIALLY THE ATTACHED FORM, FOR SAID PURPOSE; CONTAINING A SEVERABILITY CLAUSE AND PROVIDING FOR AN EFFECTIVE DATE. ..Fiscal Impact LOCATION: Approximately Northwest 24th Street to the north including specific parcels fronting Northwest 24th Street to the north, Northwest 6th Avenue to the west, Northwest 22nd Street to the south and Northwest 2nd Avenue to the east. [Commissioner Keon Hardemon - District 5] APPLICANT(S): Mana Wynwood SAP applicant entities as described in Exhibit "A" and the City of Miami. FINDING(S): PLANNING AND ZONING DEPARTMENT: Recommended approval. PURPOSE: This will allow the area to be Master Planned to allow a greater integration of public improvements and infrastructure and greater flexibility as part of the Mana Wynwood SAP. ..Body WHEREAS, the Mana Wynwood Special Area Plan ("Mana Wynwood SAP") consists of approximately 23.46 ÄÂ acres of selected parcels, as described in Exhibit "B", qualifying as a Special Area Plan as per Article 3, Section 3.9 of the Miami 21 Code, the Zoning Ordinance of the City of Miami ("Miami 21 Code"); and WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 3.9.1.f. of the Miami 21 Code, development within a Special Area

approval. PURPOSE: This will allow the area to be Master Planned to allow a greater integration of public improvements and infrastructure and greater flexibility as part of the Mana Wynwood SAP. ..Body WHEREAS, the Mana Wynwood Special Area Plan ("Mana Wynwood SAP") consists of approximately 23.46 ÄÂ acres of selected parcels, as described in Exhibit "B", qualifying as a Special Area Plan as per Article 3, Section 3.9 of the Miami 21 Code, the Zoning Ordinance of the City of Miami ("Miami 21 Code"); and WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 3.9.1.f. of the Miami 21 Code, development within a Special Area Plan shall be pursuant to a recorded development agreement; and WHEREAS, the aforementioned location for the proposed Mana Wynwood SAP currently contains underutilized buildings and vacant lots; and WHEREAS, the entire development will consist of approximately 9,719,083 square feet of development with A) approximately 3,487 residential units; B) approximately 8,483 parking spaces; C) approximately 51,146 square feet of civic space; and D) approximately 168,287 square feet of open space; and 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 562/614 WHEREAS, the proposed Mana Wynwood SAP will facilitate the redevelopment and benefit to the area by creating residential units, flex space and commercial uses as well as civic and open space for the enjoyment of the general public; and WHEREAS, the requested Mana Wynwood SAP will integrate public improvements and infrastructure while providing greater flexibility resulting in a higher quality or specialized building and streetscape design; and WHEREAS, projects such as this are critically important to the economic revitalization and enhancement of the City of Miami ("City") in general, and specifically the Wynwood area; and WHEREAS, the Mana Wynwood SAP will create certain recurring and non-recurring financial benefits as well as temporary and permanent jobs; and NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Ordinance are adopted by reference and incorporated as if fully set forth in this Section. Section 2. The Development Agreement, pursuant to Chapter 163, Florida Statutes, between the Mana Wynwood applicant entities, as described in Exhibit "A", attached and incorporated, and the City relating to development of the approximately 23.46 acres, is hereby approved. Section 3. The Development Agreement is applicable only to selected parcels bound approximately by Northwest 24th Street to the north including specific parcels fronting Northwest 24th Street to the north, Northwest 6th Avenue to the west, Northwest 22nd Street to the south and Northwest 2nd Avenue to the east, Miami, Florida, as described in Exhibit "B", subject to the development parameters set forth therein. Section 4. The City Manager is authorized {1} to execute the Development Agreement, in substantially the attached form, for said purpose. Section 5. If any section, part of a section, paragraph, clause, phrase, or word of this Ordinance is declared invalid, the remaining provisions of this Ordinance shall not be affected. Section 6. This Ordinance shall become effective immediately upon its adoption and signature

the north, Northwest 6th Avenue to the west, Northwest 22nd Street to the south and Northwest 2nd Avenue to the east, Miami, Florida, as described in Exhibit "B", subject to the development parameters set forth therein. Section 4. The City Manager is authorized {1} to execute the Development Agreement, in substantially the attached form, for said purpose. Section 5. If any section, part of a section, paragraph, clause, phrase, or word of this Ordinance is declared invalid, the remaining provisions of this Ordinance shall not be affected. Section 6. This Ordinance shall become effective immediately upon its adoption and signature of the Mayor. {2} ..Footnote {1} The herein authorization is further subject to compliance with all requirements that may be imposed by the City Attorney, including but not limited to those prescribed by applicable City Charter and Code provisions. {2} This Ordinance shall become effective as specified herein unless vetoed by the Mayor within ten (10) days from the date it was passed and adopted. If the Mayor vetoes this Ordinance, it shall become effective immediately upon override of the veto by the City Commission or upon the effective date stated herein, whichever is later. Appendix L - Miami Jewish Health Ordinance 13722 (Adopted with modifications on Dec 14, 2017 2:00 PM) AN ORDINANCE OF THE MIAMI CITY COMMISSION, WITH ATTACHMENT(S), APPROVING A DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO CHAPTER 163, FLORIDA STATUTES, WITH THE MIAMI JEWISH HEALTH SYSTEMS, INC. RELATING TO THE REZONING OF CERTAIN PARCELS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF 20.98 ± ACRES FOR THE MIAMI JEWISH HEALTH SYSTEMS SPECIAL AREA PLAN ("MJHSSAP") COMPRISED OF SELECTED PARCELS LOCATED AT APPROXIMATELY 5060, 5200, AND 5246 NORTHEAST 2 AVENUE; 5201 AND 5265 NORTH MIAMI AVENUE; 95, 145, AND 155 NORTHEAST 50 TERRACE; 71 AND 75 NORTHEAST 51 STREET; 36 AND 44 NORTHEAST 52 TERRACE; 10, 20, 32, 42, AND 58 NORTHEAST 53 STREET; AND 11, 17, 25, 35, 43, 57, AND 61 NORTHEAST 52 TERRACE, MIAMI, FLORIDA, AS MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED IN EXHIBIT “A”, ATTACHED AND INCORPORATED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF REDEVELOPMENT OF SUCH LAND FOR AN ENCLOSED HOSPITAL CAMPUS WITH A RESEARCH INSTITUTE, HOTEL, AND MEMORY CARE FACILITY; AUTHORIZING THE FOLLOWING USES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, RESIDENTIAL, COMMERCIAL, LODGING, CIVIC, EDUCATIONAL AND CIVIL SUPPORT, PARKING GARAGE, AND ANY OTHER USES AUTHORIZED BY THE MJHSSAP AND PERMITTED BY THE MIAMI COMPREHENSIVE NEIGHBORHOOD PLAN – FUTURE LAND USE MAP DESIGNATION AND ORDINANCE NO. 13114, THE ZONING ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA, AS AMENDED; AUTHORIZING A DENSITY OF APPROXIMATELY SIXTY-FIVE (65) DWELLING UNITS PER ACRE IN SOME AREAS AND ONE HUNDRED FIFTY (150) DWELLING UNITS PER ACRE IN SOME AREAS; AUTHORIZING A BUILDING HEIGHT BETWEEN FIVE (5) AND TWELVE (12) STORIES BASED ON THE TRANSECT ZONE INCLUSIVE OF AVAILABLE BONUSES; AUTHORIZING THE CITY MANAGER TO EXECUTE THE DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT, IN SUBSTANTIALLY THE ATTACHED FORM, FOR SAID PURPOSE; CONTAINING A SEVERABILITY CLAUSE; AND PROVIDING FOR AN EFFECTIVE DATE. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 563/614 WHEREAS, the Miami Jewish Health Systems Special Area Plan

13114, THE ZONING ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA, AS AMENDED; AUTHORIZING A DENSITY OF APPROXIMATELY SIXTY-FIVE (65) DWELLING UNITS PER ACRE IN SOME AREAS AND ONE HUNDRED FIFTY (150) DWELLING UNITS PER ACRE IN SOME AREAS; AUTHORIZING A BUILDING HEIGHT BETWEEN FIVE (5) AND TWELVE (12) STORIES BASED ON THE TRANSECT ZONE INCLUSIVE OF AVAILABLE BONUSES; AUTHORIZING THE CITY MANAGER TO EXECUTE THE DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT, IN SUBSTANTIALLY THE ATTACHED FORM, FOR SAID PURPOSE; CONTAINING A SEVERABILITY CLAUSE; AND PROVIDING FOR AN EFFECTIVE DATE. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 563/614 WHEREAS, the Miami Jewish Health Systems Special Area Plan (“MJHSSAP”) consists of 20.98 ± acres of selected parcels located at approximately 5060, 5200, and 5246 Northeast 2 Avenue; 5201 and 5265 North Miami Avenue; 95, 145, and 155 Northeast 50 Terrace; 71 and 75 Northeast 51 Street; 36 and 44 Northeast 52 Terrace; 10, 20, 32, 42, and 58 Northeast 53 Street; and 11, 17, 25, 35, 43, 57, and 61 Northeast 52 Terrace, Miami, Florida, as more particularly described in Exhibit “A,” attached and incorporated (“Selected Parcels”), qualifying as a Special Area Plan (“SAP”) pursuant to Article 3, Section 3.9 of Ordinance No. 13114, the Zoning Ordinance of the City of Miami, Florida, as amended (“Miami 21 Code”); and WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 3.9.1.f. of the Miami 21 Code, development within an SAP shall be pursuant to a recorded development agreement; and WHEREAS, the Selected Parcels for the proposed MJHSSAP currently contain an existing, self-contained hospital complex and a large surface parking lot; and WHEREAS, the proposed MJHSSAP will enable enhancements to existing facilities and phased redevelopment of the site to serve more individuals; and WHEREAS, the proposed MJHSSAP will provide a benefit to the area by increasing the size of an existing medical campus as well as providing civic and open space for the enjoyment of the general public; and WHEREAS, the proposed MJHSSAP will integrate public improvements and infrastructure while providing greater flexibility resulting in a higher quality or specialized building and streetscape design; and WHEREAS, projects such as the proposed MJHSSAP are critically important to the economic revitalization and enhancement of the City of Miami (“City”); and WHEREAS, the proposed MJHSSAP will create certain recurring and non-recurring financial benefits as well as temporary and permanent jobs; NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Resolution are adopted by reference and incorporated as if fully set forth in this Section. Section 2. The Development Agreement, pursuant to Chapter 163, Florida Statutes, between Miami Jewish Health Systems, Inc. (“Applicant”) and the City, relating to development of the 20.98 ± acres, is hereby approved. Section 3. The Development Agreement is applicable only to the Selected Parcels for the purpose of redevelopment of such land for an enclosed hospital campus with a research institute, hotel, and memory care facility, subject to the development parameters set forth therein that authorize the following

findings contained in the Preamble to this Resolution are adopted by reference and incorporated as if fully set forth in this Section. Section 2. The Development Agreement, pursuant to Chapter 163, Florida Statutes, between Miami Jewish Health Systems, Inc. (“Applicant”) and the City, relating to development of the 20.98 ± acres, is hereby approved. Section 3. The Development Agreement is applicable only to the Selected Parcels for the purpose of redevelopment of such land for an enclosed hospital campus with a research institute, hotel, and memory care facility, subject to the development parameters set forth therein that authorize the following uses, including but not limited to, residential, commercial, lodging, civic, educational and civil support, parking garage, and any other uses authorized by the MJHSSAP and permitted by the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan – Future Land Use Map Designation and the Miami 21 Code, authorizes a density of approximately sixty-five (65) dwelling units per acre in some areas and one hundred fifty (150) dwelling units per acre in some areas, and authorizes a building height between five (5) and twelve (12) stories based on the Transect Zone inclusive of available bonuses. Section 4. The City Manager is authorized[1] to execute the Development Agreement, in substantially the attached form, for said purpose. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 564/614 Section 5. If any section, part of a section, paragraph, clause, phrase, or word of this Ordinance is declared invalid, the remaining provisions of this Ordinance shall not be affected. Section 6. This Ordinance shall become effective immediately upon its adoption and signature of the Mayor.[2] _________________________ [1] The herein authorization is further subject to compliance with all requirements that may be imposed by the City Attorney, including but not limited to, those prescribed by applicable City Charter and City Code provisions. [2] This Ordinance shall become effective as specified herein unless vetoed by the Mayor within ten (10) days from the date it was passed and adopted. If the Mayor vetoes this Ordinance, it shall become effective immediately upon override of the veto by the City Commission or upon the effective date stated herein, whichever is later. Comprehensive Plan Change Ordinance 13720 (Adopted on Dec 14, 2017 2:00 PM) Comprehensive Plan Change AN ORDINANCE OF THE MIAMI CITY COMMISSION AMENDING ORDINANCE NO. 10544, AS AMENDED, THE FUTURE LAND USE MAP OF THE MIAMI COMPREHENSIVE NEIGHBORHOOD PLAN ("MCNP") PURSUANT TO SMALL SCALE AMENDMENT PROCEDURES SUBJECT TO

SUBJECT TO

SECTION 163 .3187, FLORIDA STATUTES BY CHANGING THE FUTURE LAND USE DESIGNATION OF APPROXIMATELY 62,593 SQUARE FEET OR 1.44 ACRES FROM "LOW DENSITY MULTIFAMILY RESIDENTIAL" TO "MAJOR INSTITUTIONAL, PUBLIC FACILITIES, TRANSPORTATION AND UTILITIES" FOR THE REAL PROPERTIES APPROXIMATELY LOCATED AT 5265 NORTH MIAMI AVENUE, 10 NORTHEAST 53 STREET, 20 NORTHEAST 53 STREET, 32 NORTHEAST 53 STREET, 42 NORTHEAST 53 STREET, 58 NORTHEAST 53 TERRACE, 57 NORTHEAST 52 TERRACE, 43 NORTHEAST 52 TERRACE, 35 NORTHEAST 53 TERRACE, 25 NORTHEAST 52 TERRACE, 17 NORTHEAST 52 TERRACE, AND 11 NORTHEAST 52 TERRACE, AS MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED IN EXHIBIT “A”; MAKING FINDINGS; CONTAINING A SEVERABILITY CLAUSE; AND PROVIDING FOR AN EFFECTIVE DATE. WHEREAS, the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board (“PZAB”) at its meeting on October 16, 2017, following an advertised public hearing, adopted Resolution No. PZAB-R-17-067 by a vote of nine to zero (9-0), Item No. PZAB. 1, recommending approval of the land use change as stated herein; and WHEREAS, the applicant has submitted a request to amend the Future Land Use Map (“FLUM”) of the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan (“MCNP”) by changing the future land use designation of approximately 62,593 square feet from “Low Density Multifamily Residential” to “Major Institutional, Public Facilities, Transportation and Utilities” for the real properties approximately located at 5265 North Miami Avenue, 10 Northeast 53 Street, 20 Northeast 53 Street, 32 Northeast 53 Street, 42 Northeast 53 Street, 58 Northeast 53 Terrace, 57 Northeast 52 Terrace, 43 Northeast 52 Terrace, 35 Northeast 53 Terrace, 25 Northeast 52 Terrace, 17 Northeast 52 Terrace, and 11 Northeast 52 Terrace, as more particularly described in Exhibit “A,” attached and incorporated (“Properties”); and WHEREAS, the Properties are 1.44 ± acres in size and would facilitate the Miami Jewish Health System Special Area Plan to create a master planned medical campus within the Little Haiti neighborhood; and WHEREAS, the City Commission has considered the recommendations of the PZAB; and WHEREAS, the City Commission has considered the goals, objectives, and policies of the MCNP; the Zoning Ordinance of the City of Miami, Florida, as amended (“Miami 21 Code”); and all other City of Miami (“City”) regulations; and 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 565/614 WHEREAS, the City Commission has considered the need and justification for the proposed change including changing and changed conditions that make the passage of the proposed land use change necessary; and WHEREAS, the City Commission after careful consideration of this matter, deems it in the best interest of the general welfare of the City and its inhabitants to approve the amendment to Ordinance No. 10544, as amended, as hereinafter set forth; NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Ordinance are adopted by reference and incorporated as if fully set forth in this Section. Section 2. Ordinance No. 10544, as amended, the FLUM of the MCNP pursuant to small scale amendment procedures subject to Section 163.3187, Florida Statutes, is amended by changing the Future

it in the best interest of the general welfare of the City and its inhabitants to approve the amendment to Ordinance No. 10544, as amended, as hereinafter set forth; NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Ordinance are adopted by reference and incorporated as if fully set forth in this Section. Section 2. Ordinance No. 10544, as amended, the FLUM of the MCNP pursuant to small scale amendment procedures subject to Section 163.3187, Florida Statutes, is amended by changing the Future Land Use designation of 1.44 ± acres of Properties from “Low Density Multi-Family Residential” to “Major Institutional, Public Facilities, Transportation and Utilities.” Section 3. It is found that this Comprehensive Plan designation change involves a use of ten (10) acres or fewer and: (a) Is necessary due to changed or changing conditions; (b) The cumulative annual effect of the acreage for all small-scale development amendments adopted by the City does not exceed a maximum of one hundred twenty (120) acres in a calendar year; (c) The proposed amendment does not involve a text change to goals, policies, or objectives of the City’s comprehensive plan but proposes a land use change to the FLUM for a site-specific development; however, text changes that relate directly to and are adopted simultaneously with the small- scale FLUM amendment shall be permissible; (d) Is one which is not located within an area of critical state concern as designated by Section 380.0552, Florida Statutes, or by the Administration Commission pursuant to Section 380.05(1), Florida Statutes; (e) Density will be “Major Institutional, Public Facilities, Transportation and Utilities”, 150 dwelling units per acre or density of the lowest abutting Transect Zone, pursuant to the MCNP and intensity will be as established in Article 4 of the Miami 21 Code; and (f) The proposed amendment complies with the applicable acreage and density limitations set forth in the Local Government Comprehensive Planning and Land Development Regulation Act including, without limitation, Section 163.3187, Florida Statutes. Section 4. This Ordinance shall become effective thirty-one (31) days after second reading and adoption thereof pursuant and subject to Section 163.3187(5) (c), Florida Statutes. Development Agreement 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 566/614 Ordinance 13721 (Adopted on Dec 14, 2017 2:00 PM) Comprehensive Plan Change AN ORDINANCE OF THE MIAMI CITY COMMISSION, WITH ATTACHMENT(S), PURSUANT TO ARTICLES 3 AND 7 OF ORDINANCE NO. 13114, THE ZONING ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA, AS AMENDED (“MIAMI 21 CODE”), REZONING CERTAIN PARCELS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF APPROXIMATELY 20.975 ACRES (913,683,200 SQUARE FEET) FOR THE "MIAMI JEWISH HEALTH SYSTEMS SPECIAL AREA PLAN" ("SAP"), A MEDICAL CAMPUS DEVELOPMENT LOCATED AT APPROXIMATELY 5060, 5200, AND 5246 NORTHEAST 2 AVENUE; 5201 AND 5265 NORTH MIAMI AVENUE; 95, 145, AND 155 NORTHEAST 50 TERRACE; 71 AND 75 NORTHEAST 51 STREET; 10, 20, 32, 42, AND 58 NORTHEAST 53 STREET; AND 11, 17, 25, 35, 36, 43, 44, 57, AND 61 NORTHEAST 52

ARTICLES 3 AND 7 OF ORDINANCE NO. 13114, THE ZONING ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA, AS AMENDED (“MIAMI 21 CODE”), REZONING CERTAIN PARCELS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF APPROXIMATELY 20.975 ACRES (913,683,200 SQUARE FEET) FOR THE "MIAMI JEWISH HEALTH SYSTEMS SPECIAL AREA PLAN" ("SAP"), A MEDICAL CAMPUS DEVELOPMENT LOCATED AT APPROXIMATELY 5060, 5200, AND 5246 NORTHEAST 2 AVENUE; 5201 AND 5265 NORTH MIAMI AVENUE; 95, 145, AND 155 NORTHEAST 50 TERRACE; 71 AND 75 NORTHEAST 51 STREET; 10, 20, 32, 42, AND 58 NORTHEAST 53 STREET; AND 11, 17, 25, 35, 36, 43, 44, 57, AND 61 NORTHEAST 52 TERRACE, MIAMI, FLORIDA, AS MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED IN EXHIBIT “A” ("SELECTED PARCELS"); THE SAP CONSISTING OF A PHASED PROJECT DIVIDED INTO A MAXIMUM OF FOUR (4) PHASES WHICH INCLUDES APPROXIMATELY 1,497,754 SQUARE FEET OF STRUCTURES AFTER ALL PHASES OF THE SAP ARE COMPLETED AND INCLUDING: A) PHASE I: EMPATHICARE BUILDING WITH THREE-STORY GARAGE; B) PHASE II: INSTITUTE AND FIVE-STORY GARAGE; C) PHASE III: CONFERENCE AND HOTEL CENTER; AND D) PHASE IV: CYPEN TOWER CONNECTOR, WELCOME CENTER, THERAPY CENTER, THERAPY VILLAGE, VILLAGE BISTRO, CREATIVE ART CENTER, AND SUMMER GARDEN; THE SAP WILL MODIFY THE TRANSECT ZONE REGULATIONS THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO THE SELECTED PARCELS AND WHERE A REGULATION IS NOT SPECIFICALLY MODIFIED BY THE SAP, THE REGULATIONS AND RESTRICTIONS OF THE MIAMI 21 CODE WILL APPLY; THE SQUARE FOOTAGES ABOVE ARE APPROXIMATE AND MAY INCREASE OR DECREASE AT TIME OF BUILDING PERMIT BUT SHALL NOT EXCEED 1,497,754 SQUARE FEET OF DEVELOPMENT AND SHALL CONTAIN A MINIMUM OF 63,277 SQUARE FEET OF CIVIC SPACE AND A MINIMUM OF 461,601 SQUARE FEET OF OPEN SPACE; MAKING FINDINGS OF FACT AND STATING CONCLUSIONS OF LAW; PROVIDING FOR BINDING EFFECT; CONTAINING A SEVERABILITY CLAUSE; AND PROVIDING FOR AN EFFECTIVE DATE. WHEREAS, the Miami Jewish Health Systems (“Applicant”) has submitted an application for the proposed Miami Jewish Health Systems Special Area Plan (“SAP”); and WHEREAS, the SAP consists of 20.975 ± acres of selected parcels located at approximately 5060, 5200, and 5246 Northeast 2 Avenue; 5201 and 5265 North Miami Avenue; 95, 145, and 155 Northeast 50Terrace; 71 and 75 Northeast 51 Street; 10, 20, 32, 42, and 58 Northeast 53 Street; and 11, 17, 25, 35, 36, 43, 44, 57, and 61 Northeast 52 Terrace, Miami, Florida, as more particularly described in Exhibit “A”; and WHEREAS, as part of the SAP, the Applicant proposes to create two (2) hybrid zoning transect zones (CI-T5-O and CI-T6-8-O) to combine the allowed uses of CI with the height and density of T5-O and T6-8-O Transect Zones respectively; and WHEREAS, in the SAP, the property within the subject site that is currently located in a T4-R Transect Zone will be rezoned to a CI-T5-O Transect Zone and the property within the subject site that is currently located in a CI Transect Zone will be rezoned to a CI-T5-O Transect Zone or a CI-T6-8-O Transect Zone; and WHEREAS, the property within the SAP currently contains underutilized buildings and surface parking

create two (2) hybrid zoning transect zones (CI-T5-O and CI-T6-8-O) to combine the allowed uses of CI with the height and density of T5-O and T6-8-O Transect Zones respectively; and WHEREAS, in the SAP, the property within the subject site that is currently located in a T4-R Transect Zone will be rezoned to a CI-T5-O Transect Zone and the property within the subject site that is currently located in a CI Transect Zone will be rezoned to a CI-T5-O Transect Zone or a CI-T6-8-O Transect Zone; and WHEREAS, the property within the SAP currently contains underutilized buildings and surface parking lots; and WHEREAS, the SAP will consist of approximately 1,497,754 square feet of development which includes approximately 96,815 square feet of residential uses, approximately 171,300 square feet of lodging uses, approximately 52,620 square feet of office uses, approximately 100,658 square feet of ancillary commercial uses, approximately 197,519 square feet of civic uses, approximately 483,871 square feet of Civil Support uses, a 63,000 square foot Conference Center, approximately 331,971 square feet of parking, approximately 461,601 square feet of open space, and approximately 63,277 square feet of Civic Space; and WHEREAS, the SAP will facilitate the redevelopment of the area by creating residential units, hotel rooms, and ancillary commercial uses as well as civic and open space for the enjoyment of the general public; and WHEREAS, the SAP will integrate public improvements and infrastructure while providing greater flexibility resulting in a higher quality and specialized building and streetscape design; and 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 567/614 WHEREAS, projects such as this SAP are important to the economic revitalization and enhancement of the City of Miami (“City”), in general, and specifically the Little Haiti area; and WHEREAS, the SAP will create certain recurring and non-recurring financial benefits as well as temporary and permanent jobs; and WHEREAS, the Applicant has submitted a proposed Regulating Plan and Concept Book which have been reviewed by the Department of Planning; and WHEREAS, the Department of Planning has recommended approval, with conditions, of the SAP including the Regulating Plan and Concept Book, attached and incorporated herein; and WHEREAS, the Department of Planning recommends the following conditions as part of the SAP: 1. The Applicant shall meet all applicable building code, land development regulations, ordinances, and other laws and pay all applicable fees prior to the issuance of any building permit. 2. The development shall be substantially in accordance with the Regulating Plan and Concept Book entitled “Miami Jewish Health Systems SAP” as prepared by Greenberg Traurig and c.c. hodgson Architectural Group, respectively, consisting of 46 pages and 139 pages, respectively, date stamped received by the Hearing Boards Division on July 14, 2017 including supplemental sheets submitted as of August 25, 2017. 3. The Applicant shall employ its best efforts to comply with the Affirmative Action Plan submitted to the City as part of the Application for Development Approval, with the understanding that the Applicant must use its best efforts to follow the provisions of the City's Minority/Women Business

with the Regulating Plan and Concept Book entitled “Miami Jewish Health Systems SAP” as prepared by Greenberg Traurig and c.c. hodgson Architectural Group, respectively, consisting of 46 pages and 139 pages, respectively, date stamped received by the Hearing Boards Division on July 14, 2017 including supplemental sheets submitted as of August 25, 2017. 3. The Applicant shall employ its best efforts to comply with the Affirmative Action Plan submitted to the City as part of the Application for Development Approval, with the understanding that the Applicant must use its best efforts to follow the provisions of the City's Minority/Women Business Affairs and Procurement Program as a guide, as applicable. 4. The Applicant shall record the following in the Public Records of Miami-Dade County, Florida prior to the issuance of any building permit: a. A Declaration of Restrictive Covenants providing that the ownership, operation, and maintenance of all common areas, civic spaces, and facilities will be maintained by the property owner, its heirs, successors, and assigns in perpetuity; and b. A Unity of Title or a Covenant in Lieu of a Unity of Title, if applicable, subject to the review and approval of the City Attorney's Office. 5. The Applicant shall provide the Department of Planning with a temporary construction plan that addresses construction phasing and includes the following elements. Said plan shall be subject to the review and approval by the Department of Planning prior to the issuance of any building permit and shall be enforced during all construction activity. All construction activity shall remain in full compliance with the provisions of the submitted temporary construction plan. Failure to comply may lead to a suspension or revocation of the SAP. 5.1. Temporary construction parking plan with an enforcement policy; 5.2. Construction noise management plan with an enforcement policy; and 5.3. Maintenance plan for the temporary construction site. 6. Prior to the issuance of any building permit, the Applicant shall provide the Department of Planning for review and approval: 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 568/614 6.1. An Environmental Impact Statement and final reports for the lots included in the SAP site; 6.2. An updated Sufficiency Letter from the City’s Office of Transportation; 6.3. A final determination of Public School Concurrency and Capacity Reservation; and 6.4. Proof of compliance with conditions established by the following Departments and agencies: § City’s Public Works Department; § Miami-Dade County Transportation and Public Works Department; § Miami-Dade County Water and Sewer Department; and § Miami-Dade County Traffic Engineering Division. 7. The Applicant shall comply with the recommendations of the Urban Design Review Board (“UDRB”) Resolution dated February 27, 2017 which include that: 7.1. Prior to permitting of Phase I, the Applicant will provide a landscape plan prepared by a certified landscape architect to be submitted to UDRB for approval; and 7.2. The Applicant will consider a habitable ground floor liner of the parking garage fronting Northeast 53 Street. 8. The SAP includes a Development Review Process which addresses the build out of the individual Buildings as

Miami-Dade County Water and Sewer Department; and § Miami-Dade County Traffic Engineering Division. 7. The Applicant shall comply with the recommendations of the Urban Design Review Board (“UDRB”) Resolution dated February 27, 2017 which include that: 7.1. Prior to permitting of Phase I, the Applicant will provide a landscape plan prepared by a certified landscape architect to be submitted to UDRB for approval; and 7.2. The Applicant will consider a habitable ground floor liner of the parking garage fronting Northeast 53 Street. 8. The SAP includes a Development Review Process which addresses the build out of the individual Buildings as identified in the Regulating Plan. All development within the SAP shall be submitted for the review and approval by the Director of Planning prior to the issuance of any building permit consistent with the requirements of Article 3, Section 3.9.1(g) of Ordinance No. 13114, the Zoning Ordinance of the City of Miami, Florida, as amended (“Miami 21 Code”), and the SAP. 9. Within ninety (90) days of the effective date of the ordinance approving the SAP, a Development Agreement specifying that the Development Agreement runs with the land and is binding on the Applicant, its successors, and assigns, jointly or severally, must be recorded in the public records of Miami- Dade County; and WHEREAS, the Planning, Zoning and Appeals Board (“PZAB”) at its meeting on October 16, 2017, following an advertised public hearing, adopted Resolution No. PZAB-R-17-062 by a vote of nine to zero (9-0), recommending approval with conditions; and WHEREAS, in additions to the conditions recommend by the Department of Planning, the PZAB recommended the following additional conditions: 1. The Applicant increase cleanup patrols around campus to a minimum of three (3) times per week and work with the City to install “No Dumping” signs where appropriate and permitted. 2. The lot where vehicle cleaning is currently occurring is to be incorporated into the EmpathicareVillage. Vehicle cleaning will be internalized within the Empathicare Village parking structure, away from the residential neighbors. In the interim, the Applicant will limit vehicle washing to the hours of 8:00 A.M. through 6:00 P.M., Monday through Friday. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 569/614 3. The Applicant will comply with the Chapter 36, entitled “Noise,” the City’s Noise Ordinance, which limits construction work to the hours of 8:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M., Monday through Friday, excluding holidays. 4. The Applicant will install lighting within the Civic Spaces as detailed within the Concept Book. Lighting in the public Right-of-Way will comply with the City’s standard street lighting. 5. The Applicant will maintain and secure the park at the intersection of Northeast 50 Terrace and Northeast Miami Place. The Applicant currently maintains perimeter security around the entirety of the campus and along the residential edges. 6. With the construction of the parking structures, the Applicant will be able to provide sufficient onsite parking for all employee and visitors, which will free up on-site street parking spaces. 7. In an effort to increase communication with the neighbors, the

Civic Spaces as detailed within the Concept Book. Lighting in the public Right-of-Way will comply with the City’s standard street lighting. 5. The Applicant will maintain and secure the park at the intersection of Northeast 50 Terrace and Northeast Miami Place. The Applicant currently maintains perimeter security around the entirety of the campus and along the residential edges. 6. With the construction of the parking structures, the Applicant will be able to provide sufficient onsite parking for all employee and visitors, which will free up on-site street parking spaces. 7. In an effort to increase communication with the neighbors, the Applicant will schedule semi-annual community meetings during the construction process in order to provide updates to the neighbors and to listen to any concerns. Newsletters regarding the process will be circulated by U.S. mail and electronic mail. 8. The Applicant will attempt to coordinate a community meeting with the City’s Police Neighborhood Resource Officer in order to provide information regarding what other neighborhoods have done to reduce speeding and provide solutions to enforcing speed limits in our area. The Applicant will also attempt to coordinate a meeting with neighbors and the City’s Traffic Engineer to discuss solutions and suggested improvements to be installed on Northeast 50 Terrace and Northeast 53 Street to reduce the speed along these two streets, including potential speed bumps, crossing sections and/or further reducing the speed from 30 miles per hour. 9. Subject to review by experts in this field, trees in this area will be a minimum of twelve (12) feet in height at the time of installation and there shall be a variety of tree plantings to create a dense buffer. It is important that the trees be suitable for climatic conditions and storms. 10. The Applicant will retain the services of a pest control company during construction to install appropriate pest control protection to deter spillage of pests from the construction area. Specific neighbor concerns will be addressed, should they arise. 11. The Applicant will specify that contractors provide control protocols for their employees to mitigate dust outside the boundary of the construction site. 12. The Applicant will maintain the strip of land as open space. The proposed park at the intersection of Northeast 50th Terrace and Northeast Miami Place will be dog friendly and will incorporate design elements to accommodate dogs WHEREAS, the Applicant has affirmed it will maintain a vacant strip of land, which has a street address of 71 Northeast 51 Street, Miami, Florida situated outside of the area being included in the Special Area Plan, as a vacant parcel upon which the Applicant will not erect any structures; and WHEREAS, the City Commission, after careful consideration of the matter, deems it advisable and in the best interest of the general welfare of the City and its residents to recommend approval of the SAP as hereinafter set forth; 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 570/614 NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1.

of land, which has a street address of 71 Northeast 51 Street, Miami, Florida situated outside of the area being included in the Special Area Plan, as a vacant parcel upon which the Applicant will not erect any structures; and WHEREAS, the City Commission, after careful consideration of the matter, deems it advisable and in the best interest of the general welfare of the City and its residents to recommend approval of the SAP as hereinafter set forth; 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 570/614 NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MIAMI, FLORIDA: Section 1. The recitals and findings contained in the Preamble to this Ordinance are hereby adopted by reference thereto and incorporated herein as if fully set forth in this Section. Section 2. The SAP, including the Regulating Plan, attached and incorporated as Exhibit “B”, and the Concept Book, attached and incorporated as Exhibit “C”, are approved subject to the conditions as recommended by the Department of Planning and specified herein and the Miami 21 Code. Section 3. The City Commission makes the following findings of fact: a. The SAP is consistent with the Miami Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan, as amended; b. The SAP will have a favorable impact on the economy of the City; c. The SAP will efficiently use public transportation facilities; d. Any potentially adverse effects of the development will be mitigated through compliance with the conditions of this SAP as stated herein; e. The SAP will efficiently use existing public and Civic Spaces; f. The SAP will not negatively impact the environment or any natural resources of the City; g. The SAP will not adversely affect living conditions in the neighborhood; h. The SAP will not adversely affect public safety; and i. The public welfare will be served by the SAP. Section 4. The Regulating Plan and Concept Book for the SAP which were submitted after amendments and on file with the Hearing Boards Section of the Department of Planning as of August 25, 2017,shall be relied upon generally for administrative interpretations. Section 5. This Ordinance shall be effective upon adoption.[1] __________________________ [1] This Ordinance shall become effective as specified herein unless vetoed by the Mayor within ten (10) days from the date it was passed and adopted. If the Mayor vetoes this Ordinance, it shall become effective immediately upon override of the veto by the City Commission or upon the effective date stated herein, whichever is later. Appendix M - Magic City Magic City Concept Book Appendix N - Miami Freedom Park 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 571/614 Regulating Plan - PDF Appendix P - Wynwood Norte NRD-2

the effective date stated herein, whichever is later. Appendix M - Magic City Magic City Concept Book Appendix N - Miami Freedom Park 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 571/614 Regulating Plan - PDF Appendix P - Wynwood Norte NRD-2

SECTION 1 – DEFINITIONS 1.1 DEFINITIONS OF BUILDING FUNCTIONS: USE Wynwood Norte Uses The NRD-2 shall permit the following Uses as identified within Section 4, Table 1: COMMERCIAL Art gallery: A for profit or not for profit place of business primarily engaged in the display and/or sale of art work created or produced on or off site, with works available for immediate purchase and removal from the premises, and can be used for purposes of public programming, and community education programs. Manufacturing enabled retail: A facility primarily engaged in the manufacturing, processing, or assembly of goods and shall include on-premises retail sales. Open Air Flex-Use: A neighborhood amenity space and retail sales establishment operated substantially in the open air limited to farmers market, Flea Markets, garden centers, Art gallery and the like. Uses not included are car sales, equipment sales, boat sales, and home and garden supplies and equipment. CIVIC Community Garden: a grouping of garden plots on an open-air lot that is primarily used for the small-scale cultivation and harvesting of fruits and vegetables, herbs and/or ornamental plants by and for consumption by residents, businesses or community organizations within the neighborhood; excluding raising of livestock, animal husbandry or other traditional agricultural production for wholesale distribution. Privately-owned Public Open Space: A publicly accessible area on a private Lot that exceeds minimum Open Space requirements and shall be provided as a Civic Space Types standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. This area shall be in connection with a ground floor Commercial Use. OFFICE Co-Working: A shared Office use with common amenities that permits access and use on a short-term contractual basis. AMENDMENTS TO MIAMI 21 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION FILE NUMBER 14093 09-13-2022 Miami Freedom Park Special Area Plan (“SAP”) 12217 AMENDMENTS TO MIAMI 21 ORDINANCE DATE APPROVED DESCRIPTION FILE NUMBER 14242 11-27-2023 Clarify configuration standards for rooftop elements - Sec. 5.2.2(c), 5.3.2(c) 14889 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 572/614 1.2 DEFINITIONS OF TERMS Micro-Retail: An individual retail sales establishment under 500 square feet of Habitable Space. Retail Merchandising Unit: a freestanding structure open on one or more sides, fixed or portable, which may be connected to electricity and/or potable water, used for commercial purposes as an Open Air Flex-Use.

SECTION 2 - PURPOSE AND INTENT 2.1 BOUNDARIES Generally described as bounded by I-95 on the west, I-195 on the north, North Miami Avenue on the east, and NW 29th Street on the south, excluding properties north of NW 29th Street located within the NRD-1 boundaries, as more specifically depicted on the Miami 21 Atlas. 2.2 INTENT The intent of the Neighborhood Revitalization District (NRD-2) is to establish a protective series of land development regulations to restore, enhance and grow the existing diverse, and mixed- use Wynwood Norte neighborhood, guided by and intended to implement the Wynwood Norte Community Vision Plan, pursuant to Resolution No. R-19-0472, adopted by the City Commission on November 21, 2019 (the “Community Vision Plan”). Due to its location within the urban core and close proximity to Wynwood Arts District, Midtown, and Downtown Miami, Wynwood Norte has served for decades as a working class, live-work neighborhood for the broader City of Miami. The neighborhoods adjacent to Wynwood Norte have undergone significant transition and redevelopment in recent years, which could result in rapidly rising land prices and changes to the character of this neighborhood. The Community Vision Plan – informed by broad input and participation from diverse stakeholders in the neighborhood – identifies goals, objectives and policy recommendations organized around four themes: Coming Home, Building Home, Getting Around, and Going Green. The NRD-2 is a neighborhood planning tool and set of land development regulations aimed at preserving and enhancing the neighborhood’s unique character while building on the neighborhood’s cultural, civic and educational assets to support and promote a healthy and vibrant multi-generational community. The standards are uniquely tailored to facilitating context-sensitive infill development, supporting a mix of quality housing, enhancing community resiliency, and creating an infrastructure to support local businesses, economic opportunities, reinvestment in public open space, and access to neighborhood-oriented services for current and future residents. 2.3 EFFECTS OF DISTRICT DESIGNATION 2.3.1 The effect of these NRD-2 regulations shall be to modify to the extent indicated herein: 2.3.2 Where there is a question as to the applicability of Miami 21 standards within the NRD-2 boundaries, or interpretation of the NRD-2 standards set forth herein, the Zoning Administrator shall consider, with input from the Planning Director, the intent of this NRD-2 and the Community Vision Plan, and as to whether strict applicability of a standard is consistent with and furthers the implementation of the Community Vision Plan. Transect regulations included within the NRD-2 boundaries. a. Definitions under Section 1.1 and Section 1.2 of the NRD-2, which are applicable only within the NRD-2. b. Other standards and regulations otherwise generally applicable under this Code to those properties included within the NRD-2 boundaries. c. SAPs shall be prohibited in the NRD-2. d. Where standards in the NRD-2 are silent, the underlying Miami 21 standards and requirements shall govern. e. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 573/614 2.4 ADDITIONAL NOTICE AND REVIEW

Transect regulations included within the NRD-2 boundaries. a. Definitions under Section 1.1 and Section 1.2 of the NRD-2, which are applicable only within the NRD-2. b. Other standards and regulations otherwise generally applicable under this Code to those properties included within the NRD-2 boundaries. c. SAPs shall be prohibited in the NRD-2. d. Where standards in the NRD-2 are silent, the underlying Miami 21 standards and requirements shall govern. e. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 573/614 2.4 ADDITIONAL NOTICE AND REVIEW

SECTION 3 - GENERAL TO ZONES 3.1 OFF-STREET PARKING AND LOADING STANDARDS Parking requirements met within the NRD-2 boundaries for T4, T5, and T6 Transect Zones may be provided on-site or off-site through a centralized Parking system or provided as payment-in- lieu into the applicable Parking Trust Fund in order to consolidate Parking, encourage walking, and reduce the burden on property owners of mandated Parking requirements on-site. Parking requirements for the NRD-2 identified within Section 4, Table 2 shall apply. 3.1.1 Parking Program Projects within the NRD-2 boundaries in excess of 200,000 square feet of total Floor Area, and for specific design review including but not limited to art or architectural treatment of parking in the 2nd layer, or Development exceeding maximum lot area standards or maximum floorplate length, as specified herein, shall be referred to the Urban Development Review Board (UDRB) which shall review the application and provide its comments and recommendations to the Director, per Chapter 62 of the City Code. The Planning Director may refer an application to the UDRB for specific scope of review based on any reasonable purpose or concern about impact of a new development site on the established character of the neighborhood and any other design criteria or performance standards herein. a. Applications for Warrants and other temporary or interim use permits pursuant to Chapter 62 of City Code shall be noticed to all property owners within 250 feet of the subject property, in addition to notice requirements generally required under Article 7, Section 7.1.2.4.b of Miami 21 or the City Code. b. Prior to issuance of a Demolition Permit for an existing Residential Structure in a T4 transect zone, (i) owner shall obtain a building permit for the Lot for no less than the number of dwelling units existing on site as of June 29, 2020, or (ii) post a Demolition Performance Bond to be calculated as 110% of the average unit cost of construction as identified by the Department of Housing and Community Development, to be released upon Notice of Commencement of construction within 12 months. The bond shall be available for costs of securing and maintaining the site in event of non-performance by owner and any remaining amount shall be deposited into the NRD-2 Public Benefits Fund. c. Applicability of Parking Relaxations a. Off-site parking Parking requirements may be satisfied off-site within a Parking Structure in the T4, T5 or T6 transect zone that shall be within 1,000 feet measured from the nearest point on the parcel of land of the proposed Development site. An applicant requesting Parking off-site within a Parking Structure shall provide a Parking covenant, in a form acceptable to the City Attorney, to be recorded against the proposed Parking Structure site prior to issuance of a Certificate of Occupancy or Temporary Certificate of Occupancy for the Development site, as applicable. The covenant shall, at a minimum, memorialize the Property location and number of spaces of the proposed Development site for which the Parking Structure provides such

T6 transect zone that shall be within 1,000 feet measured from the nearest point on the parcel of land of the proposed Development site. An applicant requesting Parking off-site within a Parking Structure shall provide a Parking covenant, in a form acceptable to the City Attorney, to be recorded against the proposed Parking Structure site prior to issuance of a Certificate of Occupancy or Temporary Certificate of Occupancy for the Development site, as applicable. The covenant shall, at a minimum, memorialize the Property location and number of spaces of the proposed Development site for which the Parking Structure provides such parking availability. The applicant may request the removal or modification of a Parking covenant upon such time that the City Parking requirements are reduced or mass transit conditions are modified in a way that may facilitate additional Parking space reductions, or the required parking being provided off-site is otherwise satisfied on-site, off-site or through payment of fees in lieu, if applicable. 1. Nonconforming Off-street Parking; Adaptive Use Changes to site improvements shall be subject to regulations set forth in Section 7.2.8.a of this Code. Notwithstanding the establishment of the applicable Parking Trust Fund, where existing Off-street Parking or loading is nonconforming to the requirements of this Code, as modified by Section 4, Table 2 herein, the Use or Adaptive Use of any Building shall not require the provision of additional Parking, loading, or on-site stormwater detention or retention. No modifications shall be permitted which increase the degree of the existing nonconformity. Modifications to the facilities may be approved by Waiver, and the Waiver may be conditioned on safeguards that reduce the degree of the nonconformity to the extent reasonably feasible. 2. Parking relaxations Parking relaxations generally available in this Code and the City Code shall be available within the NRD-2 boundaries, except to the extent explicitly modified herein. 3. Payment-in-lieu of providing Parking; Parking may be satisfied through payment-in-lieu process into the applicable Parking Trust Fund permissible for each Use as provided in Section 4, Table 2, and may be supplemented as provided below: For Adaptive Use Structures incorporating new Building Capacity less than fifty percent (50%) of the total square footage of the existing Structure and not to exceed 20,000 square feet of new Floor Area, Parking requirements for any permitted Use may be fully satisfied through payment-in-lieu of parking on-site as provided within Section 4, Table 2; and For new Development which does not require a loading berth, the first sixty (60) spaces of required Parking may be fully satisfied through payment-in- lieu of parking on-site as provided within Section 4, Table 2. 4. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 574/614 3.1.2 Loading Standards Loading standards are set forth in Section 4, Tables 2 and 3, except as modified below: 3.2 THOROUGHFARES 3.2.1 NRD-2 Thoroughfares and Corridors The District is demarcated, traversed, or connected by important Thoroughfares and Corridors that provide opportunities for future Development. Wynwood Norte Corridors have potential to increase Development Capacity for a mix of residential

For new Development which does not require a loading berth, the first sixty (60) spaces of required Parking may be fully satisfied through payment-in- lieu of parking on-site as provided within Section 4, Table 2. 4. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 574/614 3.1.2 Loading Standards Loading standards are set forth in Section 4, Tables 2 and 3, except as modified below: 3.2 THOROUGHFARES 3.2.1 NRD-2 Thoroughfares and Corridors The District is demarcated, traversed, or connected by important Thoroughfares and Corridors that provide opportunities for future Development. Wynwood Norte Corridors have potential to increase Development Capacity for a mix of residential and non-residential Uses, provide ideal locations for increased Building Height, and promote higher Commercial Use activities to support economic development and enhanced connectivity and to service the residential community in the interior of the Neighborhood. 3.3 WYNWOOD NORTE PUBLIC BENEFITS PROGRAM The intent of the Wynwood Norte Public Benefits Program established in NRD-2 is to allow bonus Building Height in the T4, T5, and T6 Transect Zones in exchange for the developer’s contribution to specified programs that provide benefits to the Public within the NRD-2 boundaries. The Wynwood Norte Public Benefits Program shall supersede the Public Benefits Program generally applicable in the City under Section 3.14 of this Code. The City’s Affordable and Attainable Mixed Income Housing Special Benefit Program, pursuant to Section 3.15 of this Code, shall be applicable within the NRD-2 boundaries. For T5 properties, maximum building height may exceed the standards in 3.15.4.a up to the maximum height applicable with bonus Height as set forth herein. Mechanical parking facilities within Parking Structures shall be allowed by Right within the NRD- 2 boundaries. Parking spaces within these facilities shall be calculated based on the number of vehicles accommodated by said Parking Structure. b. Parking covenants shall be processed as set forth in subsection 3.1.1.a.1 herein. c. Payment-in-lieu shall be processed through the Miami Parking Authority, as described within Chapter 35 of the City Code. d. Interim parking programs under Chapter 62 shall be available within the NRD-2 boundaries, upon satisfaction of applicable criteria. e. On-street loading for all Transect Zones within NRD-2 may be allowed in areas designated by signage and for limited intervals during specified hours. Office, Commercial, Lodging, and Residential Loading. a. On-street loading areas intended to service Office, Commercial, Lodging and Residential loading berth requirements described within Section 4, Table 3 are permitted within specifically designated zones along Wynwood Norte Thoroughfares located within 500 feet of the Development site. On-street loading within such designated zones shall not exceed 20 minutes. Such loading activity shall occur only between times posted. b. Improvements and new Development along Wynwood Norte Thoroughfares and Corridors within the NRD-2 boundaries shall conform to the following pedestrian safety and comfort standards unless otherwise specified herein: a. A Dominant Setback Waiver shall not be permitted in order for new Developments to establish a uniform streetscape with sidewalk conditions that promote pedestrian activity, except for frontages on a Wynwood Norte Main Street where the

designated zones along Wynwood Norte Thoroughfares located within 500 feet of the Development site. On-street loading within such designated zones shall not exceed 20 minutes. Such loading activity shall occur only between times posted. b. Improvements and new Development along Wynwood Norte Thoroughfares and Corridors within the NRD-2 boundaries shall conform to the following pedestrian safety and comfort standards unless otherwise specified herein: a. A Dominant Setback Waiver shall not be permitted in order for new Developments to establish a uniform streetscape with sidewalk conditions that promote pedestrian activity, except for frontages on a Wynwood Norte Main Street where the Development is two Stories in height or less in height, or more than 50% of the subject Block Frontage demonstrates a clearly established setback, the Development incorporates Educational, Religious, Civic, Civil Support Use, Art Gallery, or Micro-Retail Use on the ground floor and approval of a Dominant Setback Waiver will enhance the quality of the pedestrian environment. The Dominant Setback Waiver shall be limited to the first two (2) Stories only. 1. Uses on these Thoroughfares and Corridors shall promote pedestrian activity, such as General Commercial, Art Gallery, Open Air Flex Use, and other ground floor retail Uses. Open Air Flex Uses located on a Wynwood Norte Corridor, Wynwood Norte Main Street, or Wynwood Norte Boulevard shall be located within the Second or Third Layer and screened by a Habitable Structure or Liner Building or a decorative Streetscreen between 3.5 feet and 8 feet in height for at least 70% of the Frontage. 2. The number and dimensions of curb cuts and Driveways shall be minimized to reduce pedestrian/vehicular conflicts up to the minimum permissible by the controlling jurisdiction. 3. Right-of-Way sections for distinct categories of Thoroughfares and Corridors are identified within the NRD-2 Street Master Plan to establish ideal sidewalk conditions, achieving an enhanced pedestrian experience within the NRD-2. 4. NRD-2 Setbacks: Refer to the NRD-2 Street Master Plan described within Section 9 for specific setback conditions along specified Thoroughfares and Corridors within the NRD-2 boundary. b. The proposed bonus Height shall be permitted in exchange for contributions to the NRD-2 for the following public benefits: Affordable/Workforce Housing, Public Parks and Open Space, Civic Space or Civil Support space, and Micro- Retail/Startup Space, Climate Adaptation and Resiliency Infrastructure. The City shall establish a Wynwood Norte NRD-2 Public Benefits Trust Fund for the collection of cash contributions in lieu of Affordable/Workforce Housing a. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 575/614 3.4 WYNWOOD NORTE TRANSFER OF DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS PROGRAM and Public Parks and Open Space, and the NRD-2 Public Benefits Trust Fund Committee shall annually recommend the allocation of funds collected under this section. Expenditures of these funds shall be in accordance with the Wynwood Norte NRD-2 Public Benefits Trust Fund as defined in Chapter 62 of the City Code. Definitions Affordable/Workforce Housing shall mean: housing available to families which meet the qualifications as established by Section 13-5 of the City Code. 1. Public Parks and Open Space shall mean: Open Space

Affordable/Workforce Housing a. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 575/614 3.4 WYNWOOD NORTE TRANSFER OF DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS PROGRAM and Public Parks and Open Space, and the NRD-2 Public Benefits Trust Fund Committee shall annually recommend the allocation of funds collected under this section. Expenditures of these funds shall be in accordance with the Wynwood Norte NRD-2 Public Benefits Trust Fund as defined in Chapter 62 of the City Code. Definitions Affordable/Workforce Housing shall mean: housing available to families which meet the qualifications as established by Section 13-5 of the City Code. 1. Public Parks and Open Space shall mean: Open Space meeting the standards of Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. 2. Civic Space or Civil Support Use shall mean: a Building Function defined within Article 1, Section 1.1 f. of this Code. 3. Micro-retail/Startup Space shall mean: Micro-retail Habitable Space reserved for a Commercial Use business owned by an NRD-2 resident, or Co- working Office Use providing no less than 5 free memberships for NRD-2 residents per 1,000 square feet of Habitable Space, or combination thereof. This shall be provided for a minimum of fifteen (15) years. 4. For the purposes of the Wynwood Norte Public Benefits Program, the following criteria shall apply: b. Affordable/Workforce Housing On-site: For each square foot of Affordable/Workforce housing priced at or below eighty percent (80%) area median income (including pertaining shared space such as parking and circulation) provided on site, the development shall be allowed three (3) square feet of additional area up to the bonus Height and FLR as described in Section 3.3.c herein. For each square foot of Affordable/Workforce housing priced above eighty percent (80%) area median income (including pertaining shared space such as parking and circulation) provided on-site, the development shall be allowed an equivalent amount of development Floor Area up to the bonus Height and FLR as described in Section 3.3.c herein. 1. Public Parks and Open Space. 2. Dedication On-site: Public Open Space, in addition to required Open Space, may be provided on-site in a location and of a design to be approved by the Planning Director. For each square foot of dedicated Public Park or Open Space provided above the minimum percentage required by these NRD-2 regulations, the Development shall be allowed an equivalent amount of Development Floor Area up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.3 (c). The project shall maintain the Frontage requirements of the Transect Zone set forth within Section 3.2.1 (b). The Open Space may be a Courtyard, Plaza or Cross Block Paseo through the site connecting two (2) Thoroughfares. i. Dedication Off-site: For dedication of Public Park or Open Space provided off-site within the NRD-2 boundary, the Development shall be allowed two (2) times the Development Floor Area of provided land up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.3 (c). The Open Space may be a Civic Space Type as more fully described in Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. ii. Civic Space Types and Civil Support Uses. For

the Transect Zone set forth within Section 3.2.1 (b). The Open Space may be a Courtyard, Plaza or Cross Block Paseo through the site connecting two (2) Thoroughfares. i. Dedication Off-site: For dedication of Public Park or Open Space provided off-site within the NRD-2 boundary, the Development shall be allowed two (2) times the Development Floor Area of provided land up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.3 (c). The Open Space may be a Civic Space Type as more fully described in Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. ii. Civic Space Types and Civil Support Uses. For a Development project within the NRD-2 boundaries that donates a Civic Space Type or Civil Support Use on site to the City or to a nonprofit corporation, subject to a restrictive Covenant for not less than 30 years, an additional two (2) square feet of Development Floor Area for each square foot of donated space, up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.3 (c), shall be allowed. 3. Micro-retail/Startup Space. For each square foot of Micro-retail/Startup Space. subject to a restrictive Covenant, the Development shall be allowed three (3) times the Development Floor Area up to the bonus Height described in Section 3.3 (c). 4. Trust Fund contribution. For a cash contribution to the Wynwood Norte Public Benefits Trust Fund, the Development project shall be allowed additional Floor Area up to the bonus Height de- scribed in Section 3.3 (c). The cash contribution shall be determined based on a percentage of the market value of the per square foot price being charged for units at projects within the market area where the proposed project seeking the bonus is located. The calculation assumes a land value per saleable or rentable square foot within market area to equate to between ten percent (10%) to fifteen percent (15%) of the market area’s weighted average sales price per square foot. The cash contributions shall be adjusted on an annual basis to reflect market conditions effective October 1 of every year. 5. Bonus Building Height shall be permitted if the proposed Development contributes toward the specified public benefits, above that which is otherwise required by the NRD-2, in the amount and in the manner set forth herein. c. T4-R: three (3) Story maximum, bonus to four (4) Stories; the additional floor of Development Height shall only be permitted by providing at least 10% of the residential units as 2-bedroom units priced at or below 80% of Area Median Income and 10% of the residential units as 2-bedroom units priced at or below 100% of Area Median Income. 1. T5-L: five (5) Story maximum, bonus to six (6) Stories; the additional floor of Development Height shall only be permitted through Public Benefits for Affordable/Workforce Housing, Public Parks and Open Space, Civic Space Type, Civil Support Use, Micro-Retail/Startup Space, and/or cash contributions to the Wynwood Norte Public Benefits Trust Fund. Additional bonus Height, if applicable, may be achieved through Public Benefits or through the Wynwood Norte

the residential units as 2-bedroom units priced at or below 80% of Area Median Income and 10% of the residential units as 2-bedroom units priced at or below 100% of Area Median Income. 1. T5-L: five (5) Story maximum, bonus to six (6) Stories; the additional floor of Development Height shall only be permitted through Public Benefits for Affordable/Workforce Housing, Public Parks and Open Space, Civic Space Type, Civil Support Use, Micro-Retail/Startup Space, and/or cash contributions to the Wynwood Norte Public Benefits Trust Fund. Additional bonus Height, if applicable, may be achieved through Public Benefits or through the Wynwood Norte TDR Program. 2. T5-O: five (5) Story maximum, bonus to eight (8) Stories; the first additional floor of Development Height shall only be permitted through Public Benefits for Affordable/Workforce Housing, Public Parks and Open Space, Civic Space Type, Civil Support Use, Micro-Retail/Startup Space, and/or cash contributions to the Wynwood Norte Public Benefits Trust Fund. Additional bonus Height may be achieved through Public Benefits or through the Wynwood Norte TDR Program. 3. T6-8: eight (8) Story maximum, bonus to twelve (12) Stories; the first half of Bonus Development FLR shall only be permitted through Public Benefits for Affordable/Workforce Housing, Public Parks and Open Space, Civic Space Type, Civil Support Use, Micro-Retail/Startup Space, and/or cash contributions to the Wynwood Norte Public Benefits Trust Fund. Additional bonus Height may be achieved through public benefits or through the Wynwood Norte TDR Program. 4. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 576/614

SECTION 4 - STANDARDS AND TABLES TABLE 1 BUILDING FUNCTION: USES It is the intent of the Wynwood Norte Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) Program to recognize and encourage the preservation and restoration of Legacy Structures by creating a process whereby the otherwise unusable Development rights of Legacy Structure sites may be converted into an asset that may be sold to an eligible receiving sites located within the NRD-2 boundaries. The Wynwood Norte TDR Program, permitted only within the NRD-2, will facilitate the transfer of Floor Area from Legacy Structure sites to encourage new Development that supports the character of Wynwood Norte. Notwithstanding Chapter 23 of the City Code, no property may utilize any other TDR program that may be applicable under this Code or the City Code, shall be eligible within the NRD-2 boundaries, either as a sending property or receiving site except as allowed herein. a. Owners of eligible properties may file an application and be issued a “certificate of eligibility” by the Director with the recommendation of the UDRB, upon determination that the property meets the criteria defined below. b. Legacy Structure shall mean: An existing Principal Building which is actively in use and maintained in good condition by the property owner that contributes to the character of Wynwood Norte. The Building must maintain its physical integrity so that it sufficiently conveys its original character; possesses integrity of design, setting, material, workmanship, feeling and association and meet at least one (1) of the following criteria: 1. Provides commercial uses for legacy grocery stores, food service establishments, and other independently-owned retail or neighborhood service. a. Provides for legacy community, educational, arts/cultural, or religious uses, and the facility or open space on the property is made accessible to Wynwood Norte residents on a regular basis. b. Provides affordable housing for Wynwood Norte residents. c. TDR exchange system: 2. The owner of property improved with a Legacy Structure may sell or receive TDRs at any time so long as a certificate of eligibility has been issued for the Legacy Structure not to exceed the established maximum development capacity. a. Developments within T5-O and T6 Transect Zones may receive TDRs to obtain additional bonus Building Height. In the T5-O Transect Zone, TDRs may only be acquired for a Building Height above the first floor of bonus Development Building Height. In a T6 Transect Zone, TDRs may only be acquired for the two upper floors of a Development’s bonus Building Height. b. In connection with the transfer of TDRs, a certificate of transfer (COT) shall be prepared by the owner or its authorized representative on a form approved by the Planning Department, identifying the maximum development capacity of the Legacy Structure contained in the COE, documenting all prior recorded transfers of TDRs, remaining TDRs and the current transfer to be effectuated. Upon approval of the COT, the owner shall at its cost record the COT in the Public Records of Miami-Dade County. c. Legacy Structure sites selling TDRs must operate a Use

two upper floors of a Development’s bonus Building Height. b. In connection with the transfer of TDRs, a certificate of transfer (COT) shall be prepared by the owner or its authorized representative on a form approved by the Planning Department, identifying the maximum development capacity of the Legacy Structure contained in the COE, documenting all prior recorded transfers of TDRs, remaining TDRs and the current transfer to be effectuated. Upon approval of the COT, the owner shall at its cost record the COT in the Public Records of Miami-Dade County. c. Legacy Structure sites selling TDRs must operate a Use permissible within the NRD-2 within the applicable transect zone, as identified in Section 4, Table 1. d. Legacy Structure sites may be located within a T4, T5, T6 or CI transect zone, and designated only upon formal application by the property owner of record to the Planning Director. Legacy Structure sites designated as a historic site under Chapter 23 or other governmental agency may be subject to additional applicable standards or restrictions. e. T4 URBAN GENERAL T5 URBAN CENTER T6 URBAN CORE CI CS R L L O O DENSITY (UNITS PER ACRE) 150 150 150 150 150 150 N/A RESIDENTIAL SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENCE R R R R R COMMUNITY RESIDENCE R R R R R ANCILLARY UNIT R R ANCILLARY UNIT R R TWO FAMILY RESIDENCE R R R R R MULTI FAMILY HOUSING R R R R R DORMITORY R R R R E 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 577/614 T4 URBAN GENERAL T5 URBAN CENTER T6 URBAN CORE CI CS HOME OFFICE R R R R R LIVE - WORK R R R R WORK - LIVE R R LODGING BED & BREAKFAST W W R R INN W W R R HOTEL W R R OFFICE OFFICE R R R R E COMMERCIAL ART GALLERY R R R AUTO-RELATED COMMERCIAL ESTAB. W W ENTERTAINMENT ESTABLISHMENT W R R ENTERTAINMENT ESTAB. - ADULT FOOD SERVICE ESTABLISHMENT R R R R E W ALCOHOL BEVERAGE SERVICE ESTAB. E E E E GENERAL COMMERCIAL R R R R E E MANUFACTURING-ENABLED RETAIL W W OPEN AIR FLEX USE W W W W E E PLACE OF ASSEMBLY W R R R E RECREATIONAL ESTABLISHMENT W R R E CIVIC COMMUNITY GARDEN W W W W COMMUNITY FACILITY W W W W W W PRIVATELY-OWNED PUBLIC OPEN SPACE W R R R W W RECREATIONAL FACILITY R R R R E W RELIGIOUS FACILITY R R R R E W REGIONAL ACTIVITY COMPLEX E E CIVIL SUPPORT COMMUNITY SUPPORT FACILITY W W W W E 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 578/614 T4 URBAN GENERAL T5 URBAN CENTER T6 URBAN CORE CI CS INFRASTRUCTURE AND UTILITIES W W W W E W MAJOR FACILITY MARINA PUBLIC PARKING W W W W E RESCUE MISSION TRANSIT FACILITIES W W W W E EDUCATIONAL CHILDCARE W W W W E E COLLEGE / UNIVERSITY W W W E ELEMENTARY SCHOOL E W W

R R W W RECREATIONAL FACILITY R R R R E W RELIGIOUS FACILITY R R R R E W REGIONAL ACTIVITY COMPLEX E E CIVIL SUPPORT COMMUNITY SUPPORT FACILITY W W W W E 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 578/614 T4 URBAN GENERAL T5 URBAN CENTER T6 URBAN CORE CI CS INFRASTRUCTURE AND UTILITIES W W W W E W MAJOR FACILITY MARINA PUBLIC PARKING W W W W E RESCUE MISSION TRANSIT FACILITIES W W W W E EDUCATIONAL CHILDCARE W W W W E E COLLEGE / UNIVERSITY W W W E ELEMENTARY SCHOOL E W W W E LEARNING CENTER W R R R E E MIDDLE / HIGH SCHOOL E W W W E PRE-SCHOOL W R R R E RESEARCH FACILITY W R R R E SPECIAL TRAINING / VOCATIONAL W W W W E INDUSTRIAL AUTO-RELATED INDUSTRIAL ESTBL. MANUFACTURING AND PROCESSING MARINE RELATED INDUSTRIAL ESTBL. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES STORAGE/ DISTRIBUTION FACILITY 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 579/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 580/614 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 581/614 TABLE 2 T4 - URBAN CENTER ZONE RESTRICTED LIMITED DENSITY (UPA) 150 UNITS PER ACRE* 150 UNITS PER ACRE* RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: Dwelling Unit • Minimum of one and one-half (1.5) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide one (1) space per Dwelling Unit on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per Dwelling Unit of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Dwelling Unit 650 square feet or less • Minimum one (1) parking space per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide one (1) space per Dwelling Unit on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum one (1) space per staff member and one (1) space per four (4) residents. Community Residence - Minimum of one (1) parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: Dwelling Unit • Minimum of one and one-half (1.5) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide one (1) space per Dwelling Unit on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per Dwelling Unit of required off- street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Dwelling Unit 650 square feet or less • Minimum one (1) parking space per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide one (1) space per Dwelling Unit on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as

Structure*; or • Provide one (1) space per Dwelling Unit on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per Dwelling Unit of required off- street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Dwelling Unit 650 square feet or less • Minimum one (1) parking space per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide one (1) space per Dwelling Unit on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential use Habitable Floor Area in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit. Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum one (1) space per staff member and one (1) space per four (4) residents. Community Residence - Minimum of one (1) parking space per staff member in addition to 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 582/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every six (6) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every six (6) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 LODGING Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1. Lodging Uses are limited to the first three (3) stories of the Principal Building. • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per two (2) lodging units shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide half (½) space per two (2) lodging units on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per two (2) lodging units of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust

Loading - See Section 4, Table 3Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 LODGING Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1. Lodging Uses are limited to the first three (3) stories of the Principal Building. • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per two (2) lodging units shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide half (½) space per two (2) lodging units on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per two (2) lodging units of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) lodging units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standards, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 583/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 OFFICE Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Office Uses are limited to the first and second Story of the Principal Building. Office and Commercial Uses shall be less than 50% Building Development Capacity. • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Office Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Office Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Co-Working: Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Office Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure, or payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off- street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one

the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 COMMERCIAL Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Commercial Uses are limited to the first Story of the Principal Building. Office and Commercial Uses shall be less than 50% Development Capacity. • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 584/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off- street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Art Gallery - Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Art Gallery Use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Micro-Retail – Maximum of one (1) parking space for every 500 square feet of Micro-Retail Use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure. * Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 CIVIC Community Garden - Minimum of one (1) parking space per 5,000 square feet; may be provided on- site or on-street. Maximum of two (2) parking spaces provided on-site per 5,000 square feet. Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use

35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 CIVIC Community Garden - Minimum of one (1) parking space per 5,000 square feet; may be provided on- site or on-street. Maximum of two (2) parking spaces provided on-site per 5,000 square feet. Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment- in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into applicable Parking Trust Fund. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 585/614 RESTRICTED LIMITED Community Garden - Minimum of one (1) parking space per 5,000 square feet; may be provided on-site or on- street. Maximum of two (2) parking spaces provided on- site per 5,000 square feet. Privately-owned Public Open Space - No parking shall be required for Privately-owned Public Open Space that is in connection with a ground floor Commercial Use and provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 CIVIC SUPPORT Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Civil Support Use shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off- street parking into applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*. Adult Daycare- Minimum of one (1) space per staff member. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except

Support Use shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off- street parking into applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*. Adult Daycare- Minimum of one (1) space per staff member. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 586/614 TABLE 2 T5 - URBAN CENTER ZONE RESTRICTED LIMITED applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 EDUCATIONAL Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of two (2) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide one and one-half (1.5) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Educational Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (.5) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Schools – Minimum of one (1) parking space for each faculty or staff member, one (1) visitor parking space per 100 students, one (1) parking space per five (5) students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. Childcare Facilities-Minimum of one (1) space for the owner/operator and one (1) space for each employee, and one (1) drop-off space for every ten (10) clients cared for. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Article 4, Table 3 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 587/614 LIMITED OPEN DENSITY (UPA) 150 UNITS PER ACRE 150 UNITS PER ACRE RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited

TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Article 4, Table 3 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 587/614 LIMITED OPEN DENSITY (UPA) 150 UNITS PER ACRE 150 UNITS PER ACRE RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: Dwelling Unit • Minimum of one and one-half (1.5) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide one (1) space per Dwelling Unit on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per Dwelling Unit of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every 10 Dwelling Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. Dwelling Unit 650 square feet or less • Minimum of one (1) parking space per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure, or • Payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per Dwelling Unit may be provided for off-street Parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of 1 additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Dwelling Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit. Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum one (1) space per staff member and one (1) space per four (4) residents. Community Residence - Minimum of one (1) parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: Dwelling Unit • Minimum of one and one-half (1.5) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide one (1) space per Dwelling Unit on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per Dwelling Unit of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space

of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: Dwelling Unit • Minimum of one and one-half (1.5) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide one (1) space per Dwelling Unit on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per Dwelling Unit of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Dwelling Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. Dwelling Unit 650 square feet or less • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or • Payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per Dwelling Unit may be provided for off-street Parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Dwelling Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit. Work-live - Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Work-live Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. Work-live Unit in excess of 2,000 square feet shall be required to provide additional parking equivalent to the Office requirement for the area above 2,000 square feet. Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum one (1) space per staff member and one (1) space per four (4) residents. Community Residence - Minimum of one (1) parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 588/614 LIMITED OPEN or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 LODGING Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1. Lodging Uses are limited to the

an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 LODGING Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1. Lodging Uses are limited to the first five stories of the Principal Building. • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per two (2) lodging units shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide half (½) space per two (2) lodging units space per two (2) lodging units of required off-on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in- lieu of remaining half (½) space per two (2) lodging units of required off- street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) lodging units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standards, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process Waiver and Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1. • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per two (2) lodging units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide half (½) space per two (2) lodging units space per two (2) lodging units of required off-on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in- lieu of remaining half (½) space per two (2) lodging units of required off- street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) lodging units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standards, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet

standards, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 589/614 LIMITED OPEN payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 OFFICE Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Office Uses are limited to the first and second Story of the Principal Building. Office and Commercial Uses shall be less than 25% Building Development Capacity. • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Office Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Office Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in- lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Co-Working: Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Office Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure, or payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off- street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Office Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Office Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in- lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet

the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Office Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Office Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in- lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Co-Working: Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Office Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure, or payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off- street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 COMMERCIAL Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Commercial Uses are limited to the first Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Commercial Uses are permitted up to the 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 590/614 LIMITED OPEN Story of the Principal Building. Office and Commercial Uses shall be less than 25% Development Capacity. • A maximum Floor Area of 20,000 square feet per establishment. • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off- street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Art Gallery - Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Art Gallery Use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Micro-Retail – Maximum of one (1) parking space for every 500 square feet of Micro- Retail Use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure. * Parking

of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off- street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Art Gallery - Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Art Gallery Use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Micro-Retail – Maximum of one (1) parking space for every 500 square feet of Micro- Retail Use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure. * Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 Fith Story. • A maximum Floor Area of 55,000 square feet per establishment, with no Waiver permitted to increase this standard. • A Principal Building with 100 feet of Principal Frontage length or more shall require Commercial Uses along a minimum of twenty five (25%) of the ground floor facade. Manufacturing-Enabled Retail - Limited to first Story of Principal Building and a maximum Floor Area of 20,000 square feet per establishment. • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off- street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Art Gallery - Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Art Gallery Use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Micro-Retail – Maximum of one (1) parking space for every 500 square feet of Micro- Retail Use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure , or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund.* Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3

square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Micro-Retail – Maximum of one (1) parking space for every 500 square feet of Micro- Retail Use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure , or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund.* Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every 20 vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 591/614 LIMITED OPEN Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 Commercial Auto-related, Drive-Thru or Drive-In Facilities - See Article 6. CIVIC Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into applicable Parking Trust Fund. Community Garden - Minimum of one (1) parking space per 5,000 square feet. Privately-owned Public Open Space - No parking shall be required for Privately-owned Public Open Space that is in connection with a ground floor Commercial Use and provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided

or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into applicable Parking Trust Fund. Community Garden - Minimum of one (1) parking space per 5,000 square feet. Privately-owned Public Open Space - No parking shall be required for Privately-owned Public Open Space that is in connection with a ground floor Commercial Use and provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 CIVIC SUPPORT Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Civil Support Use shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in- Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Civil Support Use shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in- 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 592/614 LIMITED OPEN lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*. Adult Daycare- Minimum of one (1) space per staff member. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking

of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Civil Support Use shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in- 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 592/614 LIMITED OPEN lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*. Adult Daycare- Minimum of one (1) space per staff member. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*. Adult Daycare- Minimum of one (1) space per staff member. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 EDUCATIONAL Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of two (2) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide one and one-half (1.5) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Educational Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (.5) space per 1,000 square feet of required off- street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Schools – Minimum of one (1) parking space for each faculty or staff member, one (1) visitor parking space per 100 students, one (1) parking space per five (5) students in grades 11

of two (2) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide one and one-half (1.5) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Educational Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (.5) space per 1,000 square feet of required off- street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Schools – Minimum of one (1) parking space for each faculty or staff member, one (1) visitor parking space per 100 students, one (1) parking space per five (5) students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. Childcare Facilities-Minimum of one (1) space for the owner/operator and one (1) space for each employee, and one (1) drop-off space for every ten (10) clients cared for. Educational Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of two (2) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Educational Use provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide one and one-half (1.5) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Educational Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (.5) space per 1,000 square feet of required off- street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Schools – Minimum of one (1) parking space for each faculty or staff member, one (1) visitor parking space per 100 students, one (1) parking space per five (5) students in grades 11 and 12 or College/University. Childcare Facilities-Minimum of one (1) space for the owner/operator and one (1) space for each employee, and one (1) drop-off space for every ten (10) clients cared for. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 593/614 TABLE 2 T6 - URBAN CENTER ZONE LIMITED OPEN Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Article 4, Table 3 Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35

thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Article 4, Table 3 Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Article 4, Table 5. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code; or by one hundred percent (100%) for any Structure with a Floor Area of twenty thousand (20,000) square feet or less. Loading - See Article 4, Table 3 OPEN DENSITY (UPA) 150 UNITS PER ACRE RESIDENTIAL Residential Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: Dwelling Unit • Minimum of one and one-half (1.5) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide one (1) space per Dwelling Unit on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per Dwelling Unit of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Dwelling Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. Dwelling Unit 650 square feet or less • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or • Payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per Dwelling Unit may be provided for off-street Parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Dwelling Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. Live-work - Work component shall provide parking as required by the non-residential use in addition to parking required for the Dwelling Unit. Work-live - Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per Dwelling Unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) Work-live Units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. Work-live Unit in excess of 2,000 square feet shall be required to provide additional parking equivalent to the Office requirement for the area above 2,000 square feet. Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum one (1) space per staff member and one (1) space per 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 594/614 OPEN four (4) residents. Community Residence - Minimum of one (1) parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the

Office requirement for the area above 2,000 square feet. Adult Family-Care Homes - Minimum one (1) space per staff member and one (1) space per 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 594/614 OPEN four (4) residents. Community Residence - Minimum of one (1) parking space per staff member in addition to the parking required for the principal Dwelling Unit(s). Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 LODGING Lodging Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1. • Minimum of one (1) parking spaces per two (2) lodging units shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*; or • Provide half (½) space per two (2) lodging units on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining half (½) space per two (2) lodging units of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) additional visitor parking space for every ten (10) lodging unit shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 OFFICE Office Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1. • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Office Use provided on-site or off- site within a Parking Structure*, or • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Office Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to

Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 COMMERCIAL Commercial Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • A maximum Floor Area of 55,000 square feet per establishment, no Waivers from this standard permitted. • A Principal Building with 100 feet of Principal Frontage length or more shall require Commercial Uses along a minimum of twenty five (25%) of the ground floor facade. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 595/614 OPEN • Minimum of three (3) parking spaces for every 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure* • Provide two (2) spaces per 1,000 square feet of Commercial Use on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure, and provide payment-in-lieu of remaining one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off- street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. MicroRetail – Maximum of one (1) parking space for every 500 square feet of MicroRetail Use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Parking requirement may be reduced according to the Shared parking standard, Section 4, Table 3. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Auto-related - Drive-Thru or Drive-In Facilities - See Article 6. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 CIVIC Civic Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Privately-owned Public Open Space - No parking shall

are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of exhibition or recreation area, and parking spaces for other Uses as required shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. Privately-owned Public Open Space - No parking shall be required for Privately-owned Public Open Space that is in connection with a ground floor Commercial Use and provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 CIVIC SUPPORT Civil Support Uses are permissible as listed in Table 1, limited by compliance with: • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every 1,000 square feet of Civil Support Use shall be provided on- site or off-site within a Parking Structure*, or provide payment-in-lieu of one (1) space per 1,000 square feet of required off-street parking into the applicable Parking Trust Fund. • Minimum of one (1) parking space for every five (5) seats of assembly use shall be provided on-site or off-site within a Parking Structure*. Adult Daycare- Minimum of one (1) space per staff member. Minimum of one (1) Bicycle Rack Space for every twenty (20) vehicular spaces required. Except for sites within 500 feet of an ungated T3 Transect Zone, the parking ratio may be reduced within a TOD area or within a Transit Corridor area by up to thirty percent (30%) by process of Waiver; by up to fifty percent (50%) by process of Waiver and payment into 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 596/614 TABLE 3 - PARKING AND LOADING OPEN applicable Trust Fund, as established by Chapter 35 of the City Code. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 SHARED PARKING STANDARDS SHARING FACTOR The shared Parking Standards Table provides the method for calculating shared Parking for Buildings with more than one Use type. It refers to the parking requirements that appear in Table 4. The parking required for any two Functions on a Lot is calculated by dividing the number of spaces required by the lesser of the two uses by the appropriate factor from this Table and adding the result to the greater use parking requirement. For instance a Building with a Residential Use

Chapter 35 of the City Code. Loading - See Section 4, Table 3 SHARED PARKING STANDARDS SHARING FACTOR The shared Parking Standards Table provides the method for calculating shared Parking for Buildings with more than one Use type. It refers to the parking requirements that appear in Table 4. The parking required for any two Functions on a Lot is calculated by dividing the number of spaces required by the lesser of the two uses by the appropriate factor from this Table and adding the result to the greater use parking requirement. For instance a Building with a Residential Use requiring 100 spaces and a Commercial Use requiring 20 spaces, the 20 spaces divided by the sharing factor of 1.2 would reduce the total requirement to 100 plus 17 spaces. For Uses not indicated in this chart on a mixed use lot a sharing factor of 1.2 shall be allowed. Additional sharing is allowed by Warrant. OFF-STREET PARKING STANDARDS ANGLE PARKING ACCESS AISLE WIDTH • Driveways shall have a minimum of 10 feet of paved width of a one-way drive and 20 feet for a two-way drive for parking area providing 10 or more stalls. • Pedestrian entrances shall be at least 3 feet from stall, driveway or access aisle. • Allowable slopes, paving, and drainage as per Florida Building Code. • Off-street Parking facilities shall have a minimum vertical clearance of 7 feet. Where such a facility is to be used by trucks or loading Uses, the minimum clearance shall be 12 feet Residential and 15 feet Commercial and Industrial. • Ingress vehicular control devices shall be located so as to provide a minimum driveway of 20 feet in ONE WAY TRAFFIC SINGLE LOADED ONE WAY TRAFFIC DOUBLE LOADED TWO WAY TRAFFIC DOUBLE LOADED 90 23 ft 23 ft 23 ft 60 12.8 ft 11.8 ft 19.3 ft 45 10.8 ft 9.5 ft 18.5 ft 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 597/614 length between the Base Building Line and dispenser. • For requirements of parking lots, refer to Article 9 and the City of Miami Off-street Parking Guides and Standards. Parallel 10 ft 10 ft 20 ft Standard stall: 8.5 ft x 18 ft minimum 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 598/614 LOADING BERTH STANDARDS T5, T6, CS, CI-HD & CI DISTRICT NOTES RESIDENTIAL* From 50,000 sf to 500,000 sf Berth Types Residential*: 200 sf = 10 ft x 20 ft x 12 ft Commercial**: 420 sf = 12 ft x 35 ft x 15 ft Industrial***: 660 sf= 12 ft x 55 ft x 15 ft * Residential loading berths shall be set back a distance equal to their length. ** 1 Commercial berth may be substituted by 2 Residential berths *** 1 Industrial berth may be substituted by 2 Commercial berths. Berth Size Loading Berths 420 sf 1 per first 100 units 200 sf 1 per each additional 100 units or fraction of 100. Greater than 500,000 sf Berth Size Loading Berths 660 sf 1 per first 100 units

x 12 ft Commercial**: 420 sf = 12 ft x 35 ft x 15 ft Industrial***: 660 sf= 12 ft x 55 ft x 15 ft * Residential loading berths shall be set back a distance equal to their length. ** 1 Commercial berth may be substituted by 2 Residential berths *** 1 Industrial berth may be substituted by 2 Commercial berths. Berth Size Loading Berths 420 sf 1 per first 100 units 200 sf 1 per each additional 100 units or fraction of 100. Greater than 500,000 sf Berth Size Loading Berths 660 sf 1 per first 100 units 200 sf 1 per each additional 100 units or fraction of 100. LODGING From 50,000 sf to 500,000 sf From 50,000 sf to 500,000 sf A required Industrial or Commercial loading berth may be substituted by a Commercial or Residential loading berth, by Waiver, if the size, character, and operation of the Use is found to not require the dimensions specified and the required loading berth dimension could not otherwise be provided according to the regulations of this Code. Berth Size Loading Berths Berth Size Loading Berths 420 sf 1 per 300 rooms 420 sf 1 per 300 rooms 200 sf 1 per 100 rooms 200 sf 1 per 100 rooms Greater than 500,000 sf Greater than 500,000 sf Berth Size Loading Berths Berth Size Loading Berths 660 sf 1 per 300 rooms 660 sf 1 per 300 rooms 200 sf 1 per 100 rooms 200 sf 1 per 100 rooms OFFICE COMMERCIAL** INDUSTRIAL*** From 50,000 sf to 500,000 sf From 50,000 sf to 500,000 sf For Developments requiring one (1) loading berth, the loading berth, the loading berth shall be provided on-site. Developments requiring more than one (1) loading berth, a maximum of one (1) loading berth requires may provided on-street. All other required loading berths for a development shall be provided on-site. Projects not required to provide Off-street loading shall operate loading as set forth in Section 3.1.2. Berth Size Loading Berths Area Berth Size Loading Berths Area 420 sf 1st 50K sf- 100K sf 420 sf 1st 50K sf- 100K sf 420 sf 2nd 100K sf- 250K sf 420 sf 2nd 100K sf- 250K sf 420 sf 3rd 250K sf- 500K sf 420 sf 3rd 250K sf- 500K sf Greater than 500,000 sf Greater than 500,000 sf Berth Size Loading Berths Area Berth Size Loading Berths Area 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 599/614

10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 599/614

SECTION 5 - SPECIFIC TO ZONES 5.1 GENERAL URBAN TRANSECT ZONE (T4) 5.1.1. Building Disposition 5.1.2 Building Configuration 5.1.3 Building Function & Density. 660 sf 1st 500K sf 600 sf 1st 500K sf Newly platted Lots shall be dimensioned according to Illustration 5.1. Development of existing platted lots are subject to a maximum lot area of 20,000 square feet. a. A Building shall be disposed in relation to the boundaries of its Lot according to Illustration 5.1. b. Flexible Lot Coverage Program: Lot Coverage by any Building shall comply with maximum standards as set forth in Illustration 5.1. Additional Lot Coverage may be approved up to eighty percent (80%) by Waiver for a Building that is four (4) stories in Height and provides Affordable and Workforce Housing as set forth herein. c. One Principal Building at the Frontage, and one Outbuilding to the rear of the Principal Building with vehicular access through an Alley, may be built on each platted Lot. An Outbuilding shall be separated from the Principal Building by a minimum of ten (10) feet. d. Facades shall be built parallel to a rectilinear Principal Frontage Line or parallel to the tangent of a curved Principal Frontage Line, for a minimum seventy percent (70%) of its length. e. Development shall comply with maximum Lot area standards established in Illustration 5.1. Development of contiguous lots under common ownership for one (1) or more Principal Buildings may exceed maximum lot area by Warrant, for Uses that serve the neighborhood and upon determination of compliance with neighborhood compatibility performance criteria set forth below. f. Facades on Primary Frontage are designed to provide variation in articulation and architecture and shall incorporate traditional residential façade treatments including balconies, awnings, and the like; i. Primary Pedestrian entrances from sidewalk on Primary Frontage no less than every fifty (50) linear feet without Waiver; ii. Provides for centralized parking on-site, underground or above-ground, in compliance with Section 5.1.4 parking standards; iii. Provides for native specimen street trees within the verge with a DBH of 25% greater than the standards otherwise applicable as required by this code and Chapter 17 of the City Code; and iv. Incorporates one of the following: v. Restores an accessible rear alley providing enhanced bicycle and/or vehicular connection to an established Thoroughfare or connected system of existing alleys, or a. Minimum 10% of lot area or 3,000 square feet, whichever is greater, dedicated Civic Space Type, or b. Development qualifies under the City’s Attainable Housing Development Program and incorporates at least 15% of Units for Housing for Elderly. c. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall comply with Article 4, Table 2 and be as shown in Illustration 5.1, except as to bonus Height where applicable. Standards related to measurement of height should adhere to Section 3.5 of this Code unless explicitly modified herein. a. The first-floor Elevation of a Principal Building shall be at average Sidewalk grade; a first- floor Residential Use should be at a minimum Height of

dedicated Civic Space Type, or b. Development qualifies under the City’s Attainable Housing Development Program and incorporates at least 15% of Units for Housing for Elderly. c. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall comply with Article 4, Table 2 and be as shown in Illustration 5.1, except as to bonus Height where applicable. Standards related to measurement of height should adhere to Section 3.5 of this Code unless explicitly modified herein. a. The first-floor Elevation of a Principal Building shall be at average Sidewalk grade; a first- floor Residential Use should be at a minimum Height of two (2) feet and a maximum Height of three and a half (3.5) feet for privacy reasons or Base Flood Elevation with a minimum of one (1) foot to a maximum of five (5) feet of Freeboard, whichever is higher. Building entrances should incorporate a Stoop, Forecourt or other Frontage Type on case by case basis conducive to the first-floor elevation. The height of the building shall be up to three (3) Stories, and a maximum of forty (40) feet to the top of the roof slab, except for buildings satisfying Public Benefits Program, which permits height of the building up to four (4) Stories and a maximum height of fifty (50) feet to the top of the roof slab. b. Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be enclosed by parapets of the minimum Height necessary to conceal it, and a maximum Height of five (5) feet. Other ornamental Building features, including pitched roofs, may extend up to ten (10) feet above the maximum height. Roof decks shall be permitted up to the maximum Height. Trellises may extend above the maximum Height up to eight (8) feet. Extensions up to ten (10) feet above the maximum Height for stair, elevator, mechanical enclosures or non-Habitable Rooms shall be limited to twenty (20%) of the roof area, unless approved by Waiver. c. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 600/614 Lots in T4 Transect Zones shall be permitted the maximum Density of 150 Dwelling Units per acre. 5.1.4 Parking Standards 5.1.5 Architectural Standards 5.1.6 Landscape Standards Primary Frontage. All Parking, including drop-off drives and Porte-cocheres, open Parking areas, covered Parking, garages, Loading Spaces and service areas shall be located within the Third Layer and shall be masked from the Frontage by a Habitable Use. Parking may not extend into the Second Layer above the first Story. Surface Parking may extend into the Second Layer a maximum of twenty-five percent (25%) of the length of the Primary Frontage up to a maximum of fifty (50) feet and shall be masked from the Frontage by a Streetscreen incorporating decorative treatment in character with the neighborhood and/or natural vegetation. a. Secondary Frontage. All Parking, open Parking areas, covered Parking, garages, Loading Spaces and service areas shall be located in the Third Layer and shall be masked from the Frontage by a Liner Building or Streetscreen for a minimum of fifty percent (50%) of the length of the

first Story. Surface Parking may extend into the Second Layer a maximum of twenty-five percent (25%) of the length of the Primary Frontage up to a maximum of fifty (50) feet and shall be masked from the Frontage by a Streetscreen incorporating decorative treatment in character with the neighborhood and/or natural vegetation. a. Secondary Frontage. All Parking, open Parking areas, covered Parking, garages, Loading Spaces and service areas shall be located in the Third Layer and shall be masked from the Frontage by a Liner Building or Streetscreen for a minimum of fifty percent (50%) of the length of the Frontage. Above ground Parking may extend into the Second Layer, above the first Story, beyond fifty percent (50%) of the length of the Frontage, by Waiver, if an art, glass, or architectural treatment of a design to be approved by the Director is provided for that portion of the Facade. b. Vehicular access to Parking Facilities shall be from a secondary frontage or rear Alley, unless the Development Site only has a Primary Frontage. c. On-street parking available along the Frontage Lines that correspond to each Lot shall be counted toward the parking requirement of the Building on the Lot. d. For Development occurring on contiguous T4 and T5 lots under common ownership, parking facilities located in T4 shall be for permitted Residential uses, except that parking required for commercial uses within said Development may be permitted by Waiver, where ingress/egress occurs from the T5 transect zone, the parking spaces are located within an enclosed structure or surface parking is masked or screened with a structural wall from abutting properties and not greater than 50 feet from the T5 zone. e. All newly constructed Principal Building ground floor Facades along Primary and Secondary Frontages shall include a Habitable Use. a. Newly constructed buildings shall incorporate distinct façade treatments and roof types compatible with the residential character of the neighborhood. b. Open Space shall be a minimum of ten percent (10%) of the Lot Area, and Green Space shall be a minimum of ten percent (10%) of the Lot Area. a. The First Layer shall be hardscaped to match the Public Frontage. Street trees shall be neatly aligned in the Verge, or in bulb outs where possible, and the Verge shall be permeable pavement. b. Landscape Standards may be modified by Warrant on a case by case basis for a Community Garden or other Civic Space Type to ensure appropriate transition between private lot and public Frontage. c. BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min.; 20,000 s.f. max. b. Lot Width 50 ft min. c. Lot Coverage a. 70% max* b. 60% max* d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. f. Open Space a. 10% Lot Area min. b. 15% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/acre max BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 5 ft. min.*** 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 601/614 5.2 URBAN CENTER TRANSECT ZONE (T5)

Garden or other Civic Space Type to ensure appropriate transition between private lot and public Frontage. c. BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min.; 20,000 s.f. max. b. Lot Width 50 ft min. c. Lot Coverage a. 70% max* b. 60% max* d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. f. Open Space a. 10% Lot Area min. b. 15% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/acre max BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 5 ft. min.*** 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 601/614 5.2 URBAN CENTER TRANSECT ZONE (T5) 5.2.1 Building Disposition BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT b. Secondary Front 5 ft. min.*** c. Side 5 ft. min. d. Rear 5 ft. min. BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C. prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted only in T4-L g. Gallery prohibited h. Arcade prohibited BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories **** b. Max. Height 3 Stories (not to exceed max 40 ft) c. Max. Benefit Height 1 Story, Abutting all Transect Zones except T3 * Or as modified through Flexible Lot Coverage Program ** as specified in Section 5.1.c. and subject to Maximum Density as established in the MCNP. *** Or as modified within NRD-2 Street Master Plan **** Or as modified within Section 5.1 (b)(2) a. Small Lots = Lot Area up to 7,500 sq. ft. b. Medium Lots = Lot Area >7,500 sq. ft. Newly platted Lots shall be dimensioned according to Illustration 5.1. Development of existing platted lots are subject to a maximum lot area of 40,000 square feet, unless approved by Warrant pursuant to Section 5.2.1.d herein. a. Lot Coverage by any Building shall not exceed eighty percent (80%) of Lot Area. Additional Lot Coverage may be approved up to ninety percent (90%) by Waiver if the applicant satisfies at least one (1) of the following conditions: Flexible Lot Coverage Program b. Provision of Micro-Retail space or Art Gallery or combination thereof to be reserved for local businesses equivalent to 75% of the Development’s Floor Area gained by increased Lot coverage on a square foot basis. 1. Open Space provided off-site, within the NRD-2 boundaries, at an amount equal to the square footage obtained from increased Lot Coverage. The Open Space shall be provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. 2. Provide a green roof treatment of an amount of square footage equivalent to four (4) times the gross Lot Area obtained from increased Lot Coverage or twenty percent (20%) of the Building roof surface area, whichever amount is greater. 3. A cash contribution to the Wynwood Norte NRD-2 Public Benefits Trust Fund equivalent to the Development’s Floor Area obtained by increased Lot Coverage on a square foot basis. The value of this cash contribution will follow the provisions described in Section 3.3 (b)(5). 4. Development Waiver associated with ten percent

standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. 2. Provide a green roof treatment of an amount of square footage equivalent to four (4) times the gross Lot Area obtained from increased Lot Coverage or twenty percent (20%) of the Building roof surface area, whichever amount is greater. 3. A cash contribution to the Wynwood Norte NRD-2 Public Benefits Trust Fund equivalent to the Development’s Floor Area obtained by increased Lot Coverage on a square foot basis. The value of this cash contribution will follow the provisions described in Section 3.3 (b)(5). 4. Development Waiver associated with ten percent (10%) of any particular standard pursuant to Article 7, Section 7.1.2.5 shall not be permitted for Lot Coverage within NRD-2. c. Development shall comply with maximum Lot area standards established in Illustration 5.2. d. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 602/614 5.2.2 Building Configuration Development of contiguous lots under common ownership for one (1) or more Principal Buildings may exceed maximum lot area by Warrant, for Uses that serve the neighborhood and upon determination of compliance with neighborhood compatibility performance criteria set forth below. e. Building Facades on Primary and Secondary Frontages shall emphasize activated ground floor Habitable Space and incorporate façade treatments that are compatible with the neighborhood character and implement variation in facades through art, glass or architectural treatment and materials. 1. Provides for native specimen street trees within the verge with a DBH of 25% greater than the standards otherwise applicable as required by this Code and Chapter 17 of City Code; and 2. Incorporates one of the following public benefits for the community: 3. Micro-retail Units/StartUp Space comprising at least 25% of ground floor Commercial Habitable Space; or i. A minimum of 10% or 5,000 square feet of gross lot area, whichever is greater, as Civic Space Type donated as a plaza or courtyard, with public access seven (7) days per week; or ii. A transit transfer station with direct pedestrian access from a primary or secondary frontage and no less than 5,000 square feet of enclosed space on ground Floor for micromobility and paratransit with direct service to a metrorail transit station, including publicly accessible sanitary facilities and lockers available to the general public; or iii. Contribution to NRD-2 Public Benefits Trust Fund may be utilized for up to 20% at an amount equivalent to the balance of the square feet otherwise required for compliance with subsection 3a-c above. iv. For sites with 250 feet Frontage length or more on a single Frontage, a cross-Block pedestrian Paseo shall be provided as follows: If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point more than 250 feet from a Thoroughfare intersection or existing cross-Block pedestrian Paseo, the Building shall provide a cross-Block pedestrian Paseo. A cross- Block Pedestrian Passage is permitted by Waiver, in lieu of a required cross-Block pedestrian Paseo, with limited vehicular access for ingress/egress to a Parking Garage or passenger drop-off area, provided the distance separation from any Thoroughfare or existing Driveway is

subsection 3a-c above. iv. For sites with 250 feet Frontage length or more on a single Frontage, a cross-Block pedestrian Paseo shall be provided as follows: If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point more than 250 feet from a Thoroughfare intersection or existing cross-Block pedestrian Paseo, the Building shall provide a cross-Block pedestrian Paseo. A cross- Block Pedestrian Passage is permitted by Waiver, in lieu of a required cross-Block pedestrian Paseo, with limited vehicular access for ingress/egress to a Parking Garage or passenger drop-off area, provided the distance separation from any Thoroughfare or existing Driveway is at least sixty (60) feet and appropriate pedestrian safety features are incorporated. A cross-Block Pedestrian Passage may be roofed for 100% of its length within the NRD-2, but roofed portions shall not be counted toward Open Space requirements. If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point 550 feet from a Thoroughfare intersection or another vehicular cross-Block passage, a vehicular cross-Block passage shall be provided. f. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall comply with Article 4, Table 2 and be as shown in Illustration 5.1, except as to bonus Height where applicable according to Sections 3.3 and 3.4 contained herein. a. Drive-through/Drive-in Facility Uses shall not be allowed in one (1) Story Buildings. b. Roof elements shall be permitted as follows: c. Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be visually concealed from ground-level and lateral views by parapets or screens of the minimum height necessary, but said parapets and screens shall not exceed ten (10 feet). Ornamental Building features, decorative elements, or similar Structures on a roof may extend up to twelve (12) feet in height. 1. Trellises and fabric shade structures on a roof may extend up to twelve (12) feet in height. 2. Stair and elevator enclosures may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height. 3. Cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms on a roof may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from the Building Facades. 4. Non-Habitable void space on a roof accommodating the depth of swimming pools; landscaping; decks; Extensive, Semi-Intensive, and Intensive Green Roof systems; transfer beams and other structural elements; and/or mechanical systems may extend up to six (6) feet in height. For the purposes of this subsection only, other permitted roof elements may extend above the vertical extent of the void space for the additional height specified. Non- Habitable void space may cover one hundred percent (100%) of the roof and shall not be counted as Public Benefit Floor Area. 5. Habitable Spaces above the top Story shall comply with the following requirements: 6. may extend up to fourteen (14) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from Building Facades; a. may be used as amenity or Commercial Uses identified within Section 4, Table 1 Building Function: Uses and shall provide associated outdoor roof programming; b. shall not be

the vertical extent of the void space for the additional height specified. Non- Habitable void space may cover one hundred percent (100%) of the roof and shall not be counted as Public Benefit Floor Area. 5. Habitable Spaces above the top Story shall comply with the following requirements: 6. may extend up to fourteen (14) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from Building Facades; a. may be used as amenity or Commercial Uses identified within Section 4, Table 1 Building Function: Uses and shall provide associated outdoor roof programming; b. shall not be used as Residential Units, Lodging Units, or Office space; and c. shall be treated as Public Benefit Floor Area for the first twenty percent (20%) and 1.5 times Public Benefit Floor Area for the additional twenty percent (20%). d. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 603/614 5.2.3 Building Function & Density Lots in T5 Transect Zones shall be permitted the maximum Density of 150 Dwelling Units per acre. 5.2.4 Parking Standards 5.2.5 Architectural Standards 5.2.6 Landscape Standards 1. Open Space shall be a minimum of ten percent (10%) of the Lot Area. 2. A Privately-owned Public Open Space area in connection with a ground floor Commercial Use that exceeds minimum Open Space requirements, shall be provided as a Civic Space Type standard within Article 4, Table 7 of this Code. 3. The First Layer shall be hardscaped to match the Public Frontage. Street trees shall be neatly aligned in the Verge, and the Verge shall be permeable pavement. Habitable Spaces, cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms, mechanical equipment, and stair and elevator enclosures on a roof may: 7. cover up to twenty percent (20%) of the roof area; and a. cover an additional 20% of the roof area, not to exceed a total of forty percent (40%), when an Intensive Green Roof of an equivalent size of the additional area is provided and maintained. b. All roof elements shall be designed to: 8. harmonize with the overall architectural intent of the building; a. mitigate any negative visual impacts of the additional height and massing on the roof, and b. comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria. c. All roof elements shall be designed and maintained to comply with Florida Building Code including, where possible, the use of Notice of Acceptance (NOA) products and any vegetated roof system shall be independent of the roof structure, to be verified by the Building Department. 9. A Residential level above ground floor commercial space shall not count as a Story as long as it is directly accessible from a public ROW, occupies the building’s full Second Layer at a minimum, and the Residential level and Commercial level combined do not exceed 25’ in height. Where Residential units are reserved for occupancy by owners or employees of the ground floor commercial space, those units do not have a minimum parking requirement. d. Primary Frontage. All Parking, including drop-off drives and Porte- cocheres, open Parking

independent of the roof structure, to be verified by the Building Department. 9. A Residential level above ground floor commercial space shall not count as a Story as long as it is directly accessible from a public ROW, occupies the building’s full Second Layer at a minimum, and the Residential level and Commercial level combined do not exceed 25’ in height. Where Residential units are reserved for occupancy by owners or employees of the ground floor commercial space, those units do not have a minimum parking requirement. d. Primary Frontage. All Parking, including drop-off drives and Porte- cocheres, open Parking areas, covered Parking, garages, Loading Spaces and service areas shall be located within the Third Layer and shall be masked from the Frontage by a Liner Building or Streetscreen as illustrated in Article 4, Table 8. Parking may extend into the Second Layer above the first Story, by Waiver, if an art, glass, or architectural treatment, of a design to be approved by the Director is provided for one hundred (100%) percent of that portion of the Façade. Surface Parking may extend into the Second Layer a maximum of twenty-five percent (25%) of the length of the Primary Frontage up to a maximum of fifty (50) feet. a. Secondary Frontage. All Parking, open Parking areas, covered Parking, garages, Loading Spaces and service areas shall be located in the Third Layer and shall be masked from the Frontage by a Liner Building or Streetscreen for a minimum of fifty percent (50%) of the length of the Frontage. Above ground Parking may extend into the Second Layer beyond fifty percent (50%) of the length of the Frontage, by Waiver, if an art, glass, or architectural treatment of a design to be approved by the Director is provided for that portion of the Facade. b. All newly constructed Principal Building ground floor Facades along Primary and Secondary Frontages shall include art or glass treatment. a. Art or glass treatment shall be compatible with the residential character of the neighborhood and be of a design to be approved by the Director. Buildings greater than 200,000 square feet shall be reviewed by UDRB with recommendation to the Planning Director. b. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 604/614 BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT LOT OCUPATION a. Lot Area - With rear vehicular access 5,000 s.f. min.; 40,000 s.f. max.^ 1,200 s.f. min.; 40,000 s.f. max.^ b. Lot Width - With rear vehicular access 50 ft min. 16 ft min. c. Lot Coverage 80% max* d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max. BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.*** b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.*** c. Side 0 ft. min. d. Rear 0 ft. min. e. Abutting Side or Rear T4 6 ft. min; 16 ft. above 5th Story f. Abutting Side or Rear T3 10% of Lot depth**min. 1st through 2nd Story 26 ft. min. above 2nd

- With rear vehicular access 50 ft min. 16 ft min. c. Lot Coverage 80% max* d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) N/A e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max. BUILDING SETBACK PARKING PLACEMENT a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.*** b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.*** c. Side 0 ft. min. d. Rear 0 ft. min. e. Abutting Side or Rear T4 6 ft. min; 16 ft. above 5th Story f. Abutting Side or Rear T3 10% of Lot depth**min. 1st through 2nd Story 26 ft. min. above 2nd Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION BUILDING HEIGHT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 605/614 FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C. prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T5-L and T5-O only) g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories **** b. Max. Height 5 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height 3 Stories (T5-O) ***** 1 Story (T5- L) ^Or as modified by Warrant through Wynwood Norte Lot Area Performance Standards * Or as modified through Flexible Lot Coverage Program ** 10% of Lot depth for Lots more than 120’ deep 6’ min for Lots less than 120’ deep *** Or as modified 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 606/614 5.3 URBAN CORE TRANSECT ZONES (T6) 5.3.1 Building Disposition 5.3.2 Building Configuration within NRD- 2 Street Master Plan **** Or as modified within Section 5.1 (b)(2) ***** 1 Story within 500’ of T3 Setbacks for Buildings shall be as shown in Illustration 1.7.2. Frontage Setbacks above the eighth floor for Lots having Depth measuring one hundred (100) feet or less may be a minimum of zero (0) feet by Waiver. At Property Lines Abutting a lower Transect Zone, the Setbacks shall reflect the transition as shown in Illustration 1.7.2. a. The Frontage Setbacks above the eighth floor shall not be required for a Frontage facing a Right-of-Way seventy (70) feet or greater in width, except for Frontage on a Wynwood Norte Boulevard. b. Above the eighth floor, minimum Building spacing is twenty (20) feet. c. For sites with 250 feet Frontage length or more on a single Frontage, a cross- Block pedestrian Paseo shall be provided as follows: If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point more than 250 feet from a Thoroughfare intersection or existing cross-Block pedestrian Paseo, the Building shall provide a cross-Block pedestrian Paseo. A cross-Block Pedestrian Passage is permitted by Waiver, in lieu of a required cross-Block pedestrian Paseo, with limited vehicular access for ingress/egress to a Parking Garage or passenger drop-off area, provided the distance separation from any Thoroughfare or existing Driveway is at least sixty (60) feet and appropriate pedestrian safety features are incorporated. A cross- Block Pedestrian Passage may be roofed for 100% of its length within the NRD-2, but roofed portions shall not be counted toward Open Space requirements. If the

feet from a Thoroughfare intersection or existing cross-Block pedestrian Paseo, the Building shall provide a cross-Block pedestrian Paseo. A cross-Block Pedestrian Passage is permitted by Waiver, in lieu of a required cross-Block pedestrian Paseo, with limited vehicular access for ingress/egress to a Parking Garage or passenger drop-off area, provided the distance separation from any Thoroughfare or existing Driveway is at least sixty (60) feet and appropriate pedestrian safety features are incorporated. A cross- Block Pedestrian Passage may be roofed for 100% of its length within the NRD-2, but roofed portions shall not be counted toward Open Space requirements. If the Frontage Line of a site is at any point 550 feet from a Thoroughfare intersection or another vehicular cross-Block passage, a vehicular cross-Block passage shall be provided. d. Above the sixth floor, the Building Floorplate dimensions shall be limited as follows, and shall not be applicable for a Waiver of 10% through Article 7.1.2.5 of this Code: a. 18,000 square feet maximum for Residential Uses. 1. 30,000 square feet maximum for Commercial Uses and for parking. 2. 180 feet maximum length for Residential Uses. 3. 215 feet maximum length for Commercial Uses. 4. Building Heights shall be measured in Stories and shall comply with Article 4, Table 2 of this Code and be as shown in Illustration 5.2, except as to bonus Height where applicable according to Sections 3.3 and 3.4 contained herein. b. Roof elements shall be permitted as follows: c. Mechanical equipment on a roof shall be visually concealed from ground-level and lateral views by parapets or screens of the minimum height necessary but said parapets and screens shall not exceed ten (10) feet in height. 1. Ornamental Building features, decorative elements, or similar Structures on a roof may extend up to twelve (12) feet in height. 2. Stair and elevator enclosures may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height. 3. Cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms on a roof may extend up to eighteen (18) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from the Building Facades. 4. Trellises and fabric shade structures on a roof may extend up to fourteen (14) feet in height. 5. Non-Habitable void space on a roof accommodating the depth of swimming pools; landscaping; decks; Extensive, Semi-Intensive, and Intensive Green Roof systems; transfer beams and other structural elements; and/or mechanical systems may extend up to six (6) feet in height. For the purposes of this subsection only, other permitted roof elements may extend above the vertical extent of the void space for the additional height specified. Non- Habitable void space may cover one hundred percent (100%) of the roof and shall not be counted as Public Benefit Floor Area. 6. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 607/614 5.3.3 Building Function & Density Lots in T6 Transect Zones shall be permitted the maximum Density of 150 Dwelling Units per acre. 5.3.4 Parking Standards 5.3.5 Architectural Standards 5.3.6 Landscape Standards The First Layer shall be hardscaped to match the

(6) feet in height. For the purposes of this subsection only, other permitted roof elements may extend above the vertical extent of the void space for the additional height specified. Non- Habitable void space may cover one hundred percent (100%) of the roof and shall not be counted as Public Benefit Floor Area. 6. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 607/614 5.3.3 Building Function & Density Lots in T6 Transect Zones shall be permitted the maximum Density of 150 Dwelling Units per acre. 5.3.4 Parking Standards 5.3.5 Architectural Standards 5.3.6 Landscape Standards The First Layer shall be hardscaped to match the Public Frontage. Street trees shall be neatly aligned in the Verge, and the Verge shall be permeable pavement. Habitable Spaces above the top Story shall comply with the following requirements: 7. may extend up to fourteen (14) feet in height and shall have a minimum setback of ten (10) feet from Building Facades; a. may be used as amenity or Commercial Uses identified within Section 4, Table 1 Building Function: Uses and shall provide associated outdoor roof programming b. shall not be used as Residential Units, Lodging Units, or Office space; and c. shall be treated as Public Benefit Floor Area for the first twenty percent (20%) and 1.5 times Public Benefit Floor Area for the additional twenty percent (20%). d. Habitable Spaces, cooling towers and other non-Habitable Rooms, mechanical equipment, and stair and elevator enclosures on a roof may: 8. cover up to twenty percent (20%) of the roof area; and a. cover an additional 20% of the roof area, not to exceed a total of forty percent (40%), when an Intensive Green Roof of an equivalent size of the additional area is provided and maintained. b. All roof elements shall be designed to: 9. harmonize with the overall architectural intent of the building; a. mitigate any negative visual impacts of the additional height and massing on the roof, and b. comply with Article 4, Table 12 Design Review Criteria. c. All roof elements shall be designed and maintained to comply with Florida Building Code including, where possible, the use of Notice of Acceptance (NOA) products and any vegetated roof system shall be independent of the roof structure, to be verified by the Building Department. 10. A Residential level above ground floor commercial space may not count as a story as long as it is directly accessible from a public ROW, occupies the building’s full Second Layer at a minimum, and the Residential level and Commercial level combined do not exceed 25’ in height. d. Development shall be allowed an additional one (1) Story not to be counted against FLR that may only be utilized to construct surplus parking, beyond that which is otherwise required by code, to be leased to other developments within the NRD-2. a. All newly constructed Principal Building ground floor Facades along Primary and Secondary Frontages shall include art and glass treatment, which shall be compatible with the character of the neighborhood a. Art or

public ROW, occupies the building’s full Second Layer at a minimum, and the Residential level and Commercial level combined do not exceed 25’ in height. d. Development shall be allowed an additional one (1) Story not to be counted against FLR that may only be utilized to construct surplus parking, beyond that which is otherwise required by code, to be leased to other developments within the NRD-2. a. All newly constructed Principal Building ground floor Facades along Primary and Secondary Frontages shall include art and glass treatment, which shall be compatible with the character of the neighborhood a. Art or glass treatment shall be compatible with the residential character of the neighborhood and be of a design to be approved by the Director. Buildings greater than 200,000 square feet shall be reviewed by UDRB with recommendation to the Planning Director. b. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 608/614 BUILDING DISPOSITION BUILDING PLACEMENT PARKING PLACEMENT LOT OCUPATION a. Lot Area 5,000 s.f. min.; 40,000 s.f. max. b. Lot Width 50 ft min. c. Lot Coverage - 1-8 Stories 80% max. - Above 8th Story 18,000 sq. ft. max. Floorplate for Residential & Lodging**** 30,000 sq. ft. max. Floorplate for Office & Commercial d. Floor Lot Ratio (FLR) 5 with 50% bonus FLR, with 1 additional FLR for surplus parking. e. Frontage at front Setback 70% min. f. Open Space 10% Lot Area min. g. Density 150 du/ac max.* BUILDING SETBACK BUILDING HEIGHT 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 609/614 a. Principal Front 10 ft. min.***; 15 ft. min. above 6th Story b. Secondary Front 10 ft. min.***; 15 ft. min. above 6th Story c. Side 0 ft. min.; 10 ft. min. above 6th Story d. Rear 0 ft. min.; 10 ft. min. above 6th Story e. Abutting Side or Rear T4 6 ft. min. 1st through 5th Story 26 ft. min. above 5th Story f. Abutting Side or Rear T3 10% of Lot depth** min. 1st through 2nd Story 26 ft. min. 3rd through 5th Story 46 ft. min. above 5th Story BUILDING CONFIGURATION 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 610/614 FRONTAGE a. Common Lawn prohibited b. Porch & Fence prohibited c. Terrace or L.C. prohibited d. Forecourt permitted e. Stoop permitted f. Shopfront permitted (T6-8 L and T6-8 O only) g. Gallery permitted by Special Area Plan h. Arcade permitted by Special Area Plan BUILDING HEIGHT a. Min. Height 2 Stories b. Max. Height 8 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height 4 Stories Abutting all Transects Zones except T3 * Or as modified in Diagram 9 ** 10% of Lot depth for Lots more than 120’ deep 6’ min for Lots less than 120’ deep *** Or as modified within NRD- 2 Street Master Plan **** Or as modified within Section 1.7.2 (b)(1)(i) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 611/614

Height 8 Stories c. Max. Benefit Height 4 Stories Abutting all Transects Zones except T3 * Or as modified in Diagram 9 ** 10% of Lot depth for Lots more than 120’ deep 6’ min for Lots less than 120’ deep *** Or as modified within NRD- 2 Street Master Plan **** Or as modified within Section 1.7.2 (b)(1)(i) 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 611/614

SECTION 6 – SUPPLEMENTAL REGULATIONS 6.1. These supplemental regulations are intended to provide additional criteria for certain specified uses within the Wynwood Norte NRD-2 boundaries. Article 6 of this Code shall apply unless otherwise superseded or modified herein. 6.1.1 Community Gardens These NRD-2 standards identify Community Gardens as a permitted use within T4 and T5 transect zones to allow residents and business owners within Wynwood Norte to improve vacant land, collaborate on a neighborhood asset, and enhance community health and resiliency. Community gardens are intended to be located on public or private property, typically on small interior lots where a former residential structure was located but there are no immediate plans for redevelopment. Community gardens shall not exceed more than 7,500 square feet in area. 6.1.2 Open Air Flex Use 6.1.3 Public Storage Facilities Community gardens shall not exceed more than 7,500 square feet in area. a. Community garden uses includes cultivation of fruit, vegetables, and/or plants for local consumption, and may also include preservation of green space, arts and crafts, training in agricultural science, meditation and health and wellness, community health screenings and other civic- oriented uses on a periodic basis where the primary users are residents within the NRD-2 boundaries within the Pedestrian Shed as defined in this Code. b. Community gardens may be open and operating between the hours of 7am and 7pm. c. All plant and organic material shall be located behind the 3rd layer and secured with a gate that is locked outside of hours of operation. There shall be no commercial loading activity on site. d. Only the following accessory structures shall be permitted: e. Open space associated with and intended for use as garden areas; 1. Benches, bike racks, raised/accessible planting beds, compost bins, picnic tables, fences, garden art, rain barrel systems; 2. Buildings, limited to tool sheds, shade pavilions; 3. existing residential structures. 4. Open Air Flex Use, including Outdoor dining areas within Plazas, Courtyards, and Pedestrian Passage, are permitted by Right as a Commercial Use in T5 and T6 Wynwood Norte NRD-2 transect zones. a. All exhibits, displays and sales of items from a Retail Merchandising Unit shall be subject to the following limitations: b. Retail Merchandising Units, excluding any associated signage, as permitted below in b.5., shall be limited to a maximum size of one hundred and sixty (160) square feet in area and shall not exceed a maximum Height of ﬁfteen (15)feet; 1. There shall be no more than twenty (20) Retail Merchandising Units located in the Wynwood Norte NRD-2 boundaries; and the locations shall be adjacent to or on an intersection of a Wynwood Norte Main Street or Wynwood Norte Boulevard. 2. Retail Merchandising Units shall be setback from any adjacent public right-of-way by a minimum of five (5) feet. 3. Retail Merchandising Unit openings and windows may be closed from time to time to secure the structure. 4. Individual exterior identity signs shall be limited to sixteen (16) square feet in area, with no dimension exceeding eight

of ﬁfteen (15)feet; 1. There shall be no more than twenty (20) Retail Merchandising Units located in the Wynwood Norte NRD-2 boundaries; and the locations shall be adjacent to or on an intersection of a Wynwood Norte Main Street or Wynwood Norte Boulevard. 2. Retail Merchandising Units shall be setback from any adjacent public right-of-way by a minimum of five (5) feet. 3. Retail Merchandising Unit openings and windows may be closed from time to time to secure the structure. 4. Individual exterior identity signs shall be limited to sixteen (16) square feet in area, with no dimension exceeding eight (8) linear feet in length. There shall be no more than two (2) identity signs per Retail Merchandising Unit. 5. Open Air Flex Uses shall not count towards gross buildable area and ﬂoor lot ratio calculations if the vending carts, kiosks, Retail Merchandising Units or other structure has wheels and is removable within 24 hours in case ofemergency. c. Deviationsfromthe standardssetforthinSection6.1.2.bmaybe approvedbythe Planning Director that the requested modiﬁcations are justiﬁed due to one or more of the following special conditions: d. Established pedestrian ﬂow patterns; 1. Existing landscape features; 2. Governmental action which creates a peculiar conﬁguration on the subject property; 3. Deviations do not interfere with the pedestrian experience within the Pedestrian Passage. 4. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 612/614 Public Storage Facilities may be permitted only by Exception in T5-O and T6-8-O, subject to the criteria set forth in Article 6, Table 13 of this Code.

SECTION 7 - SIGN REGULATIONS 7.1 NRD-2 SIGN STANDARDS

SECTION 9 - STREET MASTER PLAN 9.1 NRD-2 STREET MASTER PLAN The Wynwood Norte Neighborhood Revitalization District includes the NRD-2 Street Master Plan as a tool in implementing a complete street network identified in the Community Vision Plan to promote street accessibility, improving safety of users through enhanced streetscape, lighting signage and traffic calming, supporting local businesses, and achieving sustainable environments. The Neighborhood street network is characterized by its longer rectilinear block compositions, avenues, alleyways, and residential streets. Wynwood Norte has a traditional street network, where east-west streets are predominately platted and zoned fifty foot ROWs with parking and sidewalks on both sides of the street. Wynwood Norte is adjacent to multiple commercial, workplace, and entertainment areas, and includes extensive educational, cultural, religious and civic facilities within close proximity, making it an ideal location for multimodal transportation and increased pedestrian activity. The NRD-2 Street Master Plan will create a series of ROWs, establish appropriate Setback areas and ideal sidewalk conditions to promote and improve pedestrian activity for the future of the Wynwood Norte District. ROW types have been established by the City’s Planning and Zoning Department and Public Works Department, and applied to Wynwood Norte’s Thoroughfare network based on ROW width and conditions, as identified on the NRD-2 Street Master Plan Map. The NRD-2 Street Master Plan will also serve as an organizing principle for a NRD-2 Street Tree Master Plan. The following Sign standards shall apply within NRD-2 for T5 and T6 Transect Zones. a. For structures with multiple Commercial or Office tenants, the owner of the property shall develop a master sign plan to standardize the appearance of the signage for each space and reduce visual clutter, which shall be approved prior to issuance of a Certificate of Use. A master sign plan shall include graphic depiction of general location of Business Identification Signs on Building Facades, with minimum and maximum surface area dimensions, standard fonts and typeface; signs shall utilize colors, materials and fonts that contribute to the character of the neighborhood. 1. Menu Board Signs shall be prohibited. 2. Business Identification Signs for Micro Retail Uses on Wynwood Norte Main Street may deviate up to 10% from typical Sign Design Standards by Waiver. 3. All other Building Identification and Business Identification Signs shall be subject to Article 10, Table 15 Sign Design Standards 4. NRD-2 Street Hierarchy The NRD-2 Street Master Plan acknowledges the relative importance of several significant thoroughfares within the NRD-2 boundaries, known as Wynwood Norte Boulevard, Wynwood Norte Main Street and the Wynwood Norte Corridors. Due to their importance and differences in function and character of street section and adjacent uses, these Corridors are given established setback provisions that are different from that of the underlying Transect Zone. Wynwood Norte Corridors - NW 36 Street - NW 29 Street Wynwood Norte Boulevard - NW 5 Avenue Wynwood Norte Main Street - NW 2 Avenue Wynwood Norte Thoroughfares a. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 613/614 9.2 NRD-2 STREET MASTER PLAN - MAP Reserved -

of several significant thoroughfares within the NRD-2 boundaries, known as Wynwood Norte Boulevard, Wynwood Norte Main Street and the Wynwood Norte Corridors. Due to their importance and differences in function and character of street section and adjacent uses, these Corridors are given established setback provisions that are different from that of the underlying Transect Zone. Wynwood Norte Corridors - NW 36 Street - NW 29 Street Wynwood Norte Boulevard - NW 5 Avenue Wynwood Norte Main Street - NW 2 Avenue Wynwood Norte Thoroughfares a. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 613/614 9.2 NRD-2 STREET MASTER PLAN - MAP Reserved - All other street ROWs within NRD-2 that are not specified as Corridors above. NRD-2 Setbacks: Wynwood Norte Thoroughfares: Principal and Secondary Frontage Setback is five (5) feet. Wynwood Norte Corridors: Principal and Secondary Frontage Setback is ten (10) feet. Wynwood Norte Boulevard: Ten (10) feet. Wynwood Norte Main Street: Five (5) feet. For purposes of setbacks within the NRD-2 boundaries, Alleys shall not be treated as Thoroughfares. Lots abutting alleys shall have rear and side setbacks assigned based on Illustration 5.1 b. Alternative Rights-of-Way Alternative ROW sections have been created for thoroughfares between fifty (50) and one hundred (100) feet in width. A woonerf has also been provided as an alternative ROW type, and applied to several locations throughout the NRD-2. The application of these Alternative ROW conditions can be seen in Section 9.2. c. Play Streets. The Community Vision Plan identifies the following street sections as possible play streets to be explored further with City’s Department of Resilience and Public Works and key stakeholders to determine if the community would benefit from the alternative right of way section. Development adjacent to these ROWs may need to identify on a case by case basis any new requirements for constructing the sidewalk, verge and other capital improvements for the applicable section. NW 32nd Street NW 3rd Avenue 1. 10/24/24, 12:48 PM Print about:blank 614/614

